FEEDBACKS: Does not support Vodafone 4G frequency band in Maharashtra.
FEEDBACKS: Retuned the product in 5 days.
FEEDBACKS: Spoke to Vodafone Customer care and as told by them the solution was to visit MI Authorised Center and upgrade the ROM to Nougat 7.1.2 and MIUI 9.
FEEDBACKS: MIUI 9 upgrade was already there but MI Authorised center guy said Phone is at the highest recommended ROM supported.
FEEDBACKS: He accepted that RN4 does not support the frequency band (2100MHZ) which Vodafone use to delivery 4G.
FEEDBACKS: My father is rtd infantry officer and when i gifted to him as his old mobile os got corrupted.
FEEDBACKS: He is so much happy with mobile performance that every day he send me pics on whatss app plus it helps me enjoy my home being so far
FEEDBACKS: He went to one of the shop to get screen protector fixed he said same hardware is there in samsung note 8 and trust me i am senior environment engineer (production) Deloitte , that is the truth of andriod mobile industry which he spoke ,its all marketing they do on products by increasing there screen size and some OS upgrades
FEEDBACKS: Good phones not hang and good battery. Long life battery in data on.so buy it.
FEEDBACKS: Most applications are not responding n getting hung. Most applications shows errors. Not at all a good device to buy. Waste of money to buy this dust. Plz don't purchase it
FEEDBACKS: Speedy, very good battery life, good design good screen, camera in daylight is good but not in night.
FEEDBACKS: Don't buy electronic goods in amazon. They cheat everybody. I purchased one redmi note 4 mobile in amazon. But mobile was battery problem.
FEEDBACKS: We informed to return that mobile but amazon informed you get one report from near by redmi mobile shop.
FEEDBACKS: But shop person we won't give certificate like that for online order.
FEEDBACKS: Their is problem in mobile .Mobile gets automatically switc
FEEDBACKS: Nice handset, this is the 7th time I have purchased for a family member. Whenever someone asks for suggestions, I recommend the same.
FEEDBACKS: Quality & Performance is great.
FEEDBACKS: Great product
FEEDBACKS: Highly recommended
FEEDBACKS: 5 Star for this seller
FEEDBACKS: After long time, Great product from amazon
FEEDBACKS: 5 Star to Amazon as well for this great quality & performance product
FEEDBACKS: Good not heating problum
FEEDBACKS: Too good...Worth in this price range.
FEEDBACKS: Best mobile available in this price range.
FEEDBACKS: Although little compromised in camera.
FEEDBACKS: Overall performance wise a great phone.
FEEDBACKS: Positive
FEEDBACKS: Excellent mobile worth every penny we paid. Got MIUI 9 update with Nougat
FEEDBACKS: Nice product bought for Rs9900
FEEDBACKS: Every thing is up to mark for a medium class man
FEEDBACKS: Worth for money
FEEDBACKS: idea 4g is not working yet
FEEDBACKS: No headphone received in the box
FEEDBACKS: Great phone with the right combination of looks and specs..thanks to amazon for the quick delivery..
FEEDBACKS: Nice phone with most of facilities
FEEDBACKS: The product recieved was a defective one. Home, back button not working.Problem in app icons display.
FEEDBACKS: LED flash did not work. Asked for a replacement and sent the phone back.
FEEDBACKS: excellent...... Value for money at 10k (in offer)
FEEDBACKS: Good battery backup, avarage camera result, high performance exp
FEEDBACKS: Received before expected date of delivery...awesome phone.. No issues as of now yet..
FEEDBACKS: Excellent product with excellent service. In fact I would like to say it's a value for money.
FEEDBACKS: Best Phone, but front camera quality is not good but lerfomance and battery is very good
FEEDBACKS: Good product delivered promptly in good package.
FEEDBACKS: I got a defective product. Waiting for new one as a replacement from Amazon.
FEEDBACKS: All good about this phone indeed but it came w.o earphone which was disappointing
FEEDBACKS: This model is 4 gb ram but ram work slow contact not open same time & whatsapp dp not open same timeThis model is 4 gb ram FEEDBACKS: Ram work slow contact not open same time & whatsapp dp not open same timeThis model is 4 gb ram but ram work slow contact not open same time & whatsapp dp not open same time
FEEDBACKS: This model is 4 gb ram but ram work slow contact not open same time & whatsapp dp not open same timeThis model is 4 gb ram but ram work slow contact not open same time & whatsapp dp not open same time
FEEDBACKS: This model is 4 gb ram but ram work slow contact not open same time & whatsapp dp not open same timeThis model is 4 gb ram but ram work slow contact not open same time & whatsapp dp not open same time
FEEDBACKS: This model is 4 gb ram but ram work slow contact not open same time & whatsapp dp not open same timehed off and it will not switch on.
FEEDBACKS: Suddenly it it getting switch on.No sim card inserted till now and.And i was started mobile before 1 day.its is very inconvenience.
FEEDBACKS: Bad service from red mi ad Amazon
FEEDBACKS: I want replacement of this mobile at any condition
FEEDBACKS: Fantastic Battery Life
FEEDBACKS: Amazing Performance
FEEDBACKS: Amount Worthy!!!
FEEDBACKS: Great Work MI!!!!!
FEEDBACKS: This product awesome for this price range...
FEEDBACKS: Belive me this mobile made for average range users...
FEEDBACKS: And it's having good features...
FEEDBACKS: Overall I can give 10 out of 10 rating to this mobile...
FEEDBACKS: The phone is ok for me but as compared to mi Y 1 dont like the quality of the cam.
FEEDBACKS: I have to dwnld app for the it.Phone is nice very smooth operating by charger is not working contact Amazon replace the charger they said only charger not replace whole Mobile pocket is replace why?????
FEEDBACKS: World's best mobile in this price, I got it in republic day sale and it costs me Rs. 9899/=
FEEDBACKS: After using 2 weeks I am writing review. Phone is working fine in all aspects and above expectations. I would like to say that redmi note 4 is worth money.
FEEDBACKS: It's really an awsome mobile. Good spec.
FEEDBACKS: Camera not satisfactory when compared to my vivo v3 itself. But good performance good UI...
FEEDBACKS: The best mobile at this price in India as per the Indian's requirement as maximum people don't want to expend more on mobile.
FEEDBACKS: When i open my mobile box there is no charger in they box
FEEDBACKS: Nice handset, this is the 7th time I have purchased for a family member. Whenever someone asks for suggestions, I recommend the same.
FEEDBACKS: Quality & Performance is great.
FEEDBACKS: Great product, Highly recommended !
FEEDBACKS: 5 Star for this seller ! :)
FEEDBACKS: After long time, Great product from amazon !
FEEDBACKS: 5 Star to Amazon as well for this great quality & performance product ! :)
FEEDBACKS: Good not heating problum
FEEDBACKS: Too good...Worth in this price range.
FEEDBACKS: Best mobile available in this price range. Although little compromised in camera. Overall performance wise a great phone.
FEEDBACKS: Positive
FEEDBACKS: Positive
FEEDBACKS: Excellent mobile worth every penny we paid. Got MIUI 9 update with Nougat
FEEDBACKS: Nice product bought for Rs9900
FEEDBACKS: Every thing is up to mark for a medium class man
FEEDBACKS: Worth for money
FEEDBACKS: idea 4g is not working yet
FEEDBACKS: No headphone received in the box
FEEDBACKS: Gr8 phone with the right combination of looks and specs..thanks to amazon for the quick delivery..
FEEDBACKS: Nice phone with most of facilities
FEEDBACKS: The product recieved was a defective one. Home, back button not working.Problem in app icons display.
FEEDBACKS: Its been a week now and there is no sign of the replacement phone. No money no phone. Sucks.
FEEDBACKS: excellent...... Value for money at 10k (in offer)
FEEDBACKS: Good battery backup, avarage camera result, high performance exp
FEEDBACKS: Received before expected date of delivery...awesome phone.. No issues as of now yet..
FEEDBACKS: Excellent product with excellent service. In fact I would like to say it's a value for money.
FEEDBACKS: Best Phone, but front camera quality is not good but lerfomance and battery is very good
FEEDBACKS: Good product delivered promptly in good package.
FEEDBACKS: I got a defective product. Waiting for new one as a replacement from Amazon.
FEEDBACKS: All good about this phone indeed but it came w.o earphone which was disappointing
FEEDBACKS: This model is 4 gb ram but ram work slow contact not open same time & whatsapp dp not open same time
FEEDBACKS: Good phone but handsfree should be part of the new phone also just noticed that there is change in the length of charger wire and adapter size as this is my second redmi note 4
FEEDBACKS: Works great, once star less becoz camera not up to the mark
FEEDBACKS: Nice phone with long lasting buttery capacity, I loved it
FEEDBACKS: Phone showing 52 gb internal memory available for user instead of 64 gb.
FEEDBACKS: Good product but camara is not best but this FEEDBACKS: price features is best
FEEDBACKS: Excelent product by Redmi .
FEEDBACKS: Excelent service by amazon....😍👌
FEEDBACKS: Worth for Money and spl thanks to Amazon i got it for 9800+ :)
FEEDBACKS: Superb mobile....go for it without any hesitation....
FEEDBACKS: Best phone by far in this price.
FEEDBACKS: Phone is good but both the camera quality is not good
FEEDBACKS: Not changeing while I connect charger to mobile, phone performance is very slow ..I strictly recommend don't worth mi mobiles..
FEEDBACKS: Very good...
FEEDBACKS: Phone didnt power on though charging for one hour
FEEDBACKS: Superb phone.... No words... a Complete packate
FEEDBACKS: Very good quality.
FEEDBACKS: Cheap in best.
FEEDBACKS: Battery performance is very good.
FEEDBACKS: All features good.
FEEDBACKS: Not working properly...need to change....
FEEDBACKS: Best service by you. Thank you.
FEEDBACKS: Very good mobile and good quality
FEEDBACKS: Everything is good....surprised no headphones given by the company....any specific reason ?
FEEDBACKS: Best phone in this price range.
FEEDBACKS: working well. no complaints at all.
FEEDBACKS: Super grate nice good no 1 on-line shopping app
FEEDBACKS: Bilkul backwash item
FEEDBACKS: Good mobile
FEEDBACKS: Nice phone and good processor .and enough enternal memory
FEEDBACKS: Front camera is worst.
FEEDBACKS: Very good phone having more features than any phone at this price.
FEEDBACKS: 21 jan ko oder kiya aaj 3feb tak nhi mila
FEEDBACKS: Very poor & cheeter services
FEEDBACKS: Superberb Phone and worth to purchase other than models. Touch screen fantastic.
FEEDBACKS: Awesome phone in the segment..:)
FEEDBACKS: Good product... amazingly fast ..no heating issue..earpiece loud and clear...
FEEDBACKS: Phone is good but headphone was missing in accessories box.
FEEDBACKS: Excellent mobile in budget price
FEEDBACKS: Did not receive hand free with the phone
FEEDBACKS: Amazon delivery was on time. Using one month. Giving only cons. here:
FEEDBACKS: 1st of all, it has scratch on screen near front camera, requested Amazon to replace / refund this item but no any action taken. So my money has gone and I have to use this defective item.
FEEDBACKS: VOLTE is not available only 4g LTE, mobile data needs to be always on to get the 4g LTE. Not satisfied as VOLTE supported model is available under this price rs.10000/-
FEEDBACKS: Battery Backup is average with 3000mh, it can last a day with normal usage. Lenovo should think over it.
FEEDBACKS: Charging by Turbo charger is ok but not great in this price range.
FEEDBACKS: Headset is very ordinary in this price category.
FEEDBACKS: It has Gorilla glass protection, but be careful to open the packager once received. they don't provide any ordinary scratch proof plastic cover on the screen
FEEDBACKS: you need to buy screen protector immediately, otherwise the screen can be scratched any time, which has happened with me. Don't know what is the use of gorilla glass in this mobile??
FEEDBACKS: Camera performance is average quality in this price range.. only get one Camera update after buy this mobile, but nothing has improved after update it.
FEEDBACKS: As this mobile is Stock Android, but not yet get any security update or Orio update from Lenovo.
FEEDBACKS: Sometime it's heating.
FEEDBACKS: Will update after use it for 2 / 3 months again.
FEEDBACKS: Thanks.
FEEDBACKS: Finger print scanner works without any lag ,also it can serve as one botton navigation.
FEEDBACKS: Camera quality is good enough for day light images, depth touch feature gives better quality of images for night mode.
FEEDBACKS: It's fast and easy to switch between screen and apps without any lag. Battery backup is good.
FEEDBACKS: Overall good mobile in this range.
FEEDBACKS: I purchased this phone for photography and it's like dream come true. This phone is awesome in all ways like it have 4gb of ram 64 gb inbuilt storage so no issue of hanging the phone works smooth as butter.
FEEDBACKS: If you need a phone with excellent camera and for heavy use it's the monster.... Here are some clicks with this phone. The bokeh effect you get with dual camera is awesome
FEEDBACKS: Got this mobile on 5th sep'17 . But camera app having issues from last 10 days. Now finally camera app not opening even after factory reset.
FEEDBACKS: Bought this mobile camera features but camera app is not working. Very painful need support to get rid of it.
FEEDBACKS: Mobile specifications is best, highly recommend to all! But i didn't get a proper working charger don't know why my power charger don't have much power in it
FEEDBACKS: so m using Moto power cord only
FEEDBACKS: also the captured pictures having Diyas or any flashing lights r not clear, the light is always get spread n ruin ur pic.. lol dats d reason I don't have good Diwali pics
FEEDBACKS: I wish m the only who get such packed device... Yes due to Non working charger n bad camera m gonna give 1star for Moto(Lenovo)!!! Give me some Solution Guys!
FEEDBACKS: Ordered during the Great Indian Festival and received in 2 days with exchange at 12, 490..First impression after initial usage
FEEDBACKS: Form is excellent with metallic body and quite slim
FEEDBACKS: Glossy finish and Lunar Grey look great
FEEDBACKS: Charges very fast with the Turbo charger although the charging wire is less than a metre long
FEEDBACKS: Very responsive with no lags with 4 GB RAM and ample storage of 64 GB 5. Fingerprint sensor works fast and smooth. After 1 week of usage, many new features discovered like the night filter which reduces the blue light emission.
FEEDBACKS: This can be tweaked as required.
FEEDBACKS: Camera is excellent with dual 13 MP lenses as primary and 8 MP for wide angle selfies.
FEEDBACKS: Automatic adjustment is available for low light or night mode photos. Corning Gorilla glass gives very good protection. Overall, Moto G5s plus provides plenty of plusses and is great value for money.
FEEDBACKS: It's been more than a week I am using this device & very happy with the performance of this product. Those who are confused about this mobile or want to choose one between Moto G5s plus & Mi A1 I can review briefly here.
FEEDBACKS: PROS 
FEEDBACKS: Display it's display is sharp & it has very good colors & good viewing angle & it's auto brightness does very well job.
FEEDBACKS: Memory 4GB ram & 64GB rom is enough for a normal user & gives a buttery performance & multitasking for high end games as well.
FEEDBACKS: Processor Snapdragon 625 chipset does it's work very well & gives very good battery performance & Adreno 506 GPU plays high end games very smoothly so you will be happy with it.
FEEDBACKS: Camera This is the most important & decisive thing in a 15k budget segment... that is Camera it's camera is very good for daylight & low light photography or you could say it's the best in it's price range.
FEEDBACKS: Sound quality Its speaker is very loud & the quality is good you will like it's speaker & the output from heaphone Jack is also good.
FEEDBACKS: Build Quality & Look It's build quality is just awesome it will give you flagship phones quality & look & cuts on the edges gives a premium look with 2.5 D curved glass.
FEEDBACKS: CONS
FEEDBACKS: camera has only one problem & it's the depth effect mode which can be improved by software update so no need to worry & if you are a normal user than you won't feel anything bad about it's camera.
FEEDBACKS: As it's a almost stock Android device so you can expect software updates faster than Custom UI but now a days updates speed are slower & they don't give monthly security patch as in my device security patch is of June so it was little disappointed but that's ok it will still give you faster updates than other phones.
FEEDBACKS: I will recommend this one as it has many more pros & a best budget phone at this price don't think & buy it.
FEEDBACKS: It's been 1 month I'm using this phone.
FEEDBACKS: It is really a good experience with this phone. At the beginning I'm a bit disappointed with the camera but after the update FEEDBACKS: it is very cool. The depth effect really works very well But it lags a bit in dim light. The design is awesome metal unibody gives a premium look.
FEEDBACKS: Battery will come more than 18 hrs if u r addicted to mobiles.
FEEDBACKS: Touch response fingerprint sensor is really good. Selfie cam was too good. But because of production cost reduction they gave cheap quality earphones.
FEEDBACKS: But I have Moto impulse headphones which makes a good pair with this phone.
FEEDBACKS: I wanted to go for Samsung j7 Max or on Max but the display quality was really not at that extinct in those phones so I preferred Moto instead of Samsung in mid range mobiles.
FEEDBACKS: Phone is fantastic.
FEEDBACKS: No heating, no lag, super fast processor and decent camera. Only issue is with size I think its huge so people or ladies specially with small hands may struggle.
FEEDBACKS: I will divide my review into Pros and cons
FEEDBACKS: PROS:
FEEDBACKS: Build quality and in-hand feel very good
FEEDBACKS: Very clean almost vanilla Android experience
FEEDBACKS: Dual cameras which perform quite good
FEEDBACKS: Good screen quality with vibrant colours
FEEDBACKS: Moto experiences make the experience even better
FEEDBACKS: Fingerprint scanner is quite fast and accurate
FEEDBACKS: Turbo charging which charges the phone over an hour
FEEDBACKS: Dual sim with expandable storage
FEEDBACKS: Textured power button which helps to press the right button while in the pocket.
FEEDBACKS: CONS
FEEDBACKS: Has a very big camera hump
FEEDBACKS: Speaker is Down facing making it easy to block when watching a video in landscape
FEEDBACKS: Still uses a micro USB for charging
FEEDBACKS: no moto dimple on back size
FEEDBACKS: Headphone quality is not good
FEEDBACKS: Speakers quality is not good
FEEDBACKS: A very excellent device for the price.
FEEDBACKS: A must buy for those who are looking for an excellent device under 20000 rupees. I am enjoying the devuce
FEEDBACKS: Beautiful dual cameras for crisp images
FEEDBACKS: DSLR quality picture can be obtained if you know how to configure 'professional mode' camera settings
FEEDBACKS: no heating issue
FEEDBACKS: plenty of nice wall papers
FEEDBACKS: Menu button and Back button will lit
FEEDBACKS: no unwanted apps mess/ submenus
FEEDBACKS: finger print sensor kept on front
FEEDBACKS: clear audio (in built speaker & earphone both)
FEEDBACKS: night mode makes you feel happy since whenever you wake up in-between and just hold the handset, it displays time and goes off!
FEEDBACKS: made in India (by lenovo)
FEEDBACKS: NFC feature available
FEEDBACKS: camera/torch will switch on by shaking or twisting etc
FEEDBACKS: Nougat 7.1.1 OS which is said to be good one compare to marshmallow which has many bugs in term of data synchronization
FEEDBACKS: OS up-gradable to Oreo since this model also included in android update list (but the list has no single Xiaomi models as of now)
FEEDBACKS: fast amazon delivery
FEEDBACKS: Cons
FEEDBACKS: Redmi users may get disappointed due to many of their regular features not available in this product
FEEDBACKS: no notification light
FEEDBACKS: back cameras unit projects little bit out and else need to buy and stick inclined accessories available in market which keeps handset with an angle
FEEDBACKS: power on button lies almost in the middle of side which disturbs while holding/talking till you get practice
FEEDBACKS: need to install some third party apps separately such as notes, call recording, compass if you need
FEEDBACKS: Review after 10 days use
FEEDBACKS: Pros
FEEDBACKS: Lag free smooth performance
FEEDBACKS: Superb multitasking, awesome look n build quality
FEEDBACKS: No heating issues it heats only when charging and tats normal.
FEEDBACKS: Camera is good not at all slow, depth effect is great. I haven't used much of it but it sure looks great, will upload pics
FEEDBACKS: fast charging is great.
FEEDBACKS: Cons
FEEDBACKS: i would not call it con but u have to charge ur phone daily , it doesn't last a day , but the turbo charging is a gem it quickly covers this not so called con thing,
FEEDBACKS: it took around 1: 45 hr to full charge, and in half and hour it gets all most 40% charged.
FEEDBACKS: camera bump u have to handle it with care , i bought transparent cover and the problem is solved, and the looks n moto branding is also visible
FEEDBACKS: i handle it like my baby ..hehe
FEEDBACKS: Moto lovers go for it you will surely love it and obviously anyone who's looking for a great phone at this price range won't be disappointed
FEEDBACKS: Hello Moto
FEEDBACKS: Was little skeptical on buying this phone over mia1. But then that phone is only available on flash sale, and then Xiaomi consider us stupid enough to waste whole time just to buy that phone.
FEEDBACKS: People say the photo quality is not good enough. I say this has the best camera in mid range.
FEEDBACKS: It takes time to process the photo but that's fine(that is the diff between any photographer and artistic photographer) which can be corrected by a system update,what people don't know is that it has a burst mode too.
FEEDBACKS: The built quality is premium.a little on the heavier side.
FEEDBACKS: Screen quality is awesome, unlike those plastic view on mi phones.
FEEDBACKS: I am recently playing mortal Kombat on phone and it's running as smooth as it should run.
FEEDBACKS: Sound is loud but not stereo, so you will feel that cost cutting done on sound quality.
FEEDBACKS: The haptic feedback is very insane(sensitive) it makes you feel like something is broken inside the phone, but then the sensitivity can be controlled.
FEEDBACKS: I really loved the one button navigation on the phone. It's pretty cool thing to have.
FEEDBACKS: Call quality is great(9/10) but if you are gonna use the loudspeaker, the problem is that the speaker is at the bottom so calrity of sound reduces to 4/10.
FEEDBACKS: One thing that really hurt me was the battery life. On medium usage it just crosses a working day.ie around 19-20 hrs,thats when you use it for video streaming, half hour game and navigation.
FEEDBACKS: But then it has that fast charger which charges it in an hour and a half, so every night a charge is a must.
FEEDBACKS: Moto Features.
FEEDBACKS: Shake for torch is super good and flash light is very good.
FEEDBACKS: Twist for camera - Okay.
FEEDBACKS: Battery - Average, may last for 1 day depending on usage.
FEEDBACKS: Turbo charging is excellent. Phone gets fully charged in around 1 hour time.
FEEDBACKS: Display - Good.
FEEDBACKS: Fingerprint sensor - Very fast and excellent.
FEEDBACKS: Water-resistant
FEEDBACKS: 2nd sim slot is Hybrid, So 1 SIM and 1 Memory card or 2 SIM's with no Memory card.
FEEDBACKS: Over 54 GB of usable space - Good
FEEDBACKS: Speed - No lag observed in 1 months usage
FEEDBACKS: Coming to the main feature of this phone
FEEDBACKS: Camera - very bad
FEEDBACKS: Very bad, pictures taken on this phone get pixelated after little zooming for details irrespective of light conditions.
One good camera is better than two bad cameras together.
FEEDBACKS: Also, felt like I received a used phone.
FEEDBACKS: What I liked ?
FEEDBACKS: Display is fantastic. Esp the night mode which cuts out blue light makes it so easy on the eyes. This may not be a ground breaking new feature but its there if you need it.
FEEDBACKS: Interface is neat & fast. Didn't notice any lags even when I opened multiple apps one after other without closing the previously opened ones.
FEEDBACKS: I know it usually starts to lag when your gallery is filled up with all sorts of media in it. But I think this phone will do just fine even then. CPU seems to be upto it.
FEEDBACKS: Google assistant works like a charm. Just speak up and have your wish granted.
FEEDBACKS: Sound quality through headphones (Audio Technica ATH M50) is good. Have heard better but I can easily settle for this phone.
FEEDBACKS: Charges fast enough and battery lasts long enough for my needs. I don't do any gaming.
FEEDBACKS: Size of phone and display resolution seems just about right. Not too big and not too small.
FEEDBACKS: What else I would like to have in this phone ?
FEEDBACKS: No notification LED. This is a bummer for me as I got so used to the multi color notification in the Samsung note series.
FEEDBACKS: No Compass. This means you don't get to see that torch like sign on your current location in google maps when you are still and trying to figure out if you are facing in the right direction to reach your destination.
FEEDBACKS: If you have compass on phone, the direction you face will be shown like a torch attached to the blue dot. This is very handy to have if you are in a unfamiliar foreign land and trying to walk to some place.However Google maps works just fine on all other areas on this phone.
FEEDBACKS: Also any apps which needs compass wont work.
FEEDBACKS: Overall for the price, the phone seems worth it.
FEEDBACKS: The camera needs some fix and there are some heating issues too and ram management is also poor I hope moto fix this with some updates.
FEEDBACKS: others things are ok.
FEEDBACKS: Got this mobile on 5th sep'17 . But camera app having issues from last 10 days. Now finally camera app not opening even after factory reset. Bought this mobile camera features but camera app is not working. Very painful need support to get rid of it.
FEEDBACKS: I loved the phone but the accessories provided by Moto is of very cheap quality and same goes with its USB cable, I had to bought new on just after the one month of purchase.
FEEDBACKS: So let's talk about phone itself
FEEDBACKS: For the price I would rate 8/10 to the phone
FEEDBACKS: It's snappy but not the snappiest in the segment
FEEDBACKS: Moto is again slow at delivering updates, hope something good happens.
FEEDBACKS: Camera performance is average in both normal and low light conditions
FEEDBACKS: Selfie camera is little bit unsaturated other wise ok
FEEDBACKS: Screen contrast is awesome
FEEDBACKS: And speaker output is just OK
FEEDBACKS: Finally about the build quality it's just awesome.
FEEDBACKS: Mobile specifications is best, highly recommend to all! But i didn't get a proper working charger don't know why my power FEEDBACKS: charger don't have much power in it so m using Moto power cord only , also the captured pictures having Diyas or any FEEDBACKS: flashing lights r not clear, the light is always get spread n ruin ur pic.. lol dats d reason I don't have good Diwali pics FEEDBACKS: I wish m the only who get such packed device... Yes due to Non working charger n bad camera m gonna give 1star for FEEDBACKS: Moto(Lenovo)!!!
FEEDBACKS: Two days after I write this review, screen has gone bad. Amazon has given me Motorola number which doesn't bwork. Now I need to run around to get this phone fixed
FEEDBACKS: This the fourth time I have purchased a motorola phone. Big fan of these phones. Key feature I like is the stock Android experience, and load apps you wish to have.
FEEDBACKS: Battery lasts for a day for my type of use, gets charged in an hour, good performance. Frame is very sleek. It's so nice that using a back cover becomes a tough decision
FEEDBACKS: This phone is really amazing. Go for it without a second thought. I am Mi User and had Mi3 before this amazing phone. I gave a deep thought before making my decision to by a Moto G5S plus. I am delighted... This phone is really classy.. let's talk about FEEDBACKS: PROS/CONS
FEEDBACKS: Battery Backup Awesome.
FEEDBACKS: Camera Quality Is Superb.
FEEDBACKS: Phone Speed - Like Bullet.
FEEDBACKS: Looks - 10/10
FEEDBACKS: Display - 10/10
FEEDBACKS: CONS
FEEDBACKS: No Gallery in the phone
FEEDBACKS: Oversized Back Camera ( Concern is Protection)
FEEDBACKS: Phone is too loud ( Like typical China Phone)
FEEDBACKS: Ear Phone very low quality.
FEEDBACKS: I always thought Reliance Jio is not that fast what people & infact company claims.
FEEDBACKS: But after 2 days of Jio with Motto G5s Plus I absolutely agree with the claims. Coming to the phone.
FEEDBACKS: The choice was between Honor 7x or Honor 9 lite or MI A1 or Motto G5s Plus.
FEEDBACKS: All with almost same price tag & features. The later two being Snapdragon & Stock Android. I went for Motto G5s Plus becoz I had used their Razr phone 10 years back which is my fav phone of all times.
FEEDBACKS: I don't went for Honor becoz of their own Kirin software which I m not sure abt the longer run performance. Not went for MI A1 becoz of terrible experience with my recent phone MI Note 3.
FEEDBACKS: MI A1 is different becoz of Stock Android & all but I have noticed when it comes to weak network reciepters they lack the punch.
FEEDBACKS: Almost every time my Net was not working in MI phone. Plus in weak network my phones hangs & it's not reachable only.
Coming to Motto..it's a beautiful phone.
FEEDBACKS: Performance so far is good. Battery back up is excellent. Camera is good so far (yet to test all the features). Fingerprint sensors r fast.
FEEDBACKS: All in all I find it very good in hand feeling.
FEEDBACKS: 1 star minus becoz of pathetic delivery, earphones not comfortable, no tempered glasses & no protection cover in the box.
I always thought Reliance Jio is not that fast what people & infact company claims.
FEEDBACKS: But after 2 days of Jio with Motto G5s Plus I absolutely agree with the claims. Coming to the phone. The choice was between Honor 7x or Honor 9 lite or MI A1 or Motto G5s Plus. All with almost same price tag & features. The later two being Snapdragon & Stock Android.
FEEDBACKS: I went for Motto G5s Plus becoz I had used their Razr phone 10 years back which is my fav phone of all times. I don't went for Honor becoz of their own Kirin software which I m not sure abt the longer run performance. Not went for MI A1 becoz of terrible experience with my recent phone MI Note 3.
FEEDBACKS: MI A1 is different becoz of Stock Android & all but I have noticed when it comes to weak network reciepters they lack the punch.
FEEDBACKS: Almost every time my Net was not working in MI phone. Plus in weak network my phones hangs & it's not reachable only.
Coming to Motto..it's a beautiful phone.
FEEDBACKS: Performance so far is good. Battery back up is excellent. Camera is good so far (yet to test all the features). Fingerprint sensors r fast.
FEEDBACKS: All in all I find it very good in hand feeling.
FEEDBACKS: 1 star minus becoz of pathetic delivery, earphones not comfortable, no tempered glasses & no protection cover in the box.
FEEDBACKS: Well, the product is a continuation of Moto plus series. Similar to Moto G4plus in screen size, it has some additional features and updated softwares.
FEEDBACKS: The touch is quite good compared to earlier series. The processing speed is quite good. I bought it in sale so was an economical buy.
FEEDBACKS: While ordering it, do check for the seller you choose. There are 3 sellers offering the same product but different prices under exchange.
FEEDBACKS: Other than that, there is nothing spectacular for moto lovers except for few additions in camera and memory space. The look and feel remains the same.
FEEDBACKS: One thing I did not like about this product is that SIM slots are based in a tray located on the side of the phone and you have to carefully use a pointed object (comes along with it) to extract the tray. So, kinda new but not for those who have a tendency to frequently play with their SIM cards.
FEEDBACKS: Yellow tint display. Low contrast shabby colours. Warm White not blue white/ true White display. No one ever mentioned about the problem before I buy in Amazon review.
FEEDBACKS: But later I searched the Lenovo community and found many sets suffers the same problem and definitely a hardware problem about which Motorola/Lenovo is silent. But the problem is there in all G series. Very much disappointed just got the phone today evening.
FEEDBACKS: It is good phone ...
FEEDBACKS: Dad liked it, tough he is finding bit difficulty after using MIUI(xiaomi phone).
FEEDBACKS: Pros, Fast charge,camera is good (as I'm Iphone 7 plus user this seems to be Ok) . But in this price range it is better then others in the same range.
FEEDBACKS: Battery last for a day,so my dad need not charge it again and again ,as Moto is having turbo charge.
FEEDBACKS: Cons 
FEEDBACKS: UI not as smooth as Mi, Samsung phones.
FEEDBACKS: Earphone looks cheap .. They are giving white earphones for Lunar grey colors too.
FEEDBACKS: Suggestions 
FEEDBACKS: Google Android Security updates should be provided for another 1-2 years along with OTA update.
FEEDBACKS: Please buy good protective case to protect your handset.
FEEDBACKS: Thanks
FEEDBACKS: Ignore all negative reviews here. Unable to understand why there so many one and two star reviews .
FEEDBACKS: This is a fantastic phone , I reduced a star( actually half star)for not giving a dedicated second Sim slot.
FEEDBACKS: The phone is excellent in all other aspects!
FEEDBACKS: It's been more than a week I am using this device & very happy with the performance of this product.
FEEDBACKS: Those who are confused about this mobile or want to choose one between Moto G5s plus & Mi A1 I can review briefly here.
FEEDBACKS: PROS
FEEDBACKS: Display, it's display is sharp & it has very good colors & good viewing angle & it's auto brightness does very well job.
FEEDBACKS: Memory, 4GB ram & 64GB rom is enough for a normal user & gives a buttery performance & multitasking for high end games as well.
FEEDBACKS: Processor, Snapdragon 625 chipset does it's work very well & gives very good battery performance & Adreno 506 GPU plays high end games very smoothly so you will be happy with it.
FEEDBACKS: Camera,This is the most important & decisive thing in a 15k budget segment... that is Camera it's camera is very good for daylight & low light photography or you could say it's the best in it's price range.
FEEDBACKS: Sound quality, Its speaker is very loud & the quality is good you will like it's speaker & the output from heaphone Jack is also good.
FEEDBACKS: Build Quality & Look, It's build quality is just awesome it will give you flagship phones quality & look & cuts on the edges gives a premium look with 2.5 D curved glass.
FEEDBACKS: CONS
FEEDBACKS: Camera, camera has only one problem & it's the depth effect mode which can be improved by software update so no need to worry & if you are a normal user than you won't feel anything bad about it's camera.
FEEDBACKS: Update, As it's a almost stock Android device so you can expect software updates faster than Custom UI but now a days updates speed are slower & they don't give monthly security patch as in my device security patch is of June so it was little disappointed but that's ok it will still give you faster updates than other phones.
FEEDBACKS: I will recommend this one as it has many more pros & a best budget phone at this price don't think & buy it.
FEEDBACKS: Overall good, but camera design is not good as it feels like something is attached in the backside. Should have thought about it before designing the phone. Looks not so good with camera hanging outside the phone.. also camera clarity is not good..
FEEDBACKS: Also AMAZON delivery system is the worst I've experienced. Their service is below par..
FEEDBACKS: Also AMAZON delivery system is the worst I've experienced. Their service is below par..
FEEDBACKS: They should hire some prompt corriour people as I have received the package after a week even though they promised one day delivery
FEEDBACKS: After one month usage I am very happy with Moto G-5 S+
FEEDBACKS: performance is awesome 4.5/5
FEEDBACKS: Battery is good 4.1/5 ( but turbo charging feature will help u to rectify that issue , even though if u r using the phone full time u will get arround 10 hours.
FEEDBACKS: screen is awesome 4.8/5 ( I was using I phone before due to the budget issue I purchased Moto but I felt same touch features like I phone provides.)
FEEDBACKS: Processor performance and Ram 4.4/5
FEEDBACKS: Camera 4.3/5 ( we r not getting the constant camera response which means some photos will be more good some are not up to the mark similarly front cam also but over all it's superb, not awesome .)
FEEDBACKS: Camera and flash light shaking facility is just fun because when ever power goes am the star in my home because of Moto
FEEDBACKS: Built Quality 4.6/5 superb built quality and design.
FEEDBACKS: Verdict, Over all Moto G-5 S+ is a budget phone with good specification. Limited features with very good performance if u r preferring a below 20k phone U can go for it blindly...
FEEDBACKS: Thank you
FEEDBACKS: Got this product 2 days back. Got it through a special deal under 15.6k. So far am happy with this phone. These are the few things I noticed so far.
FEEDBACKS: As claimed this phones does have a decent dual camera set up with some cool features . Pro mode does have some cool features, but i found that it took some time to save the pic.
FEEDBACKS: However the front cam is not that great (Low lighting needs improvement) compared to its competitors. Some features is more of a kind Hit or Miss, but can’t complain considering overall performance.
FEEDBACKS: The phone does offer a decent battery backup. (Thanks to turbo charging). However phone gets warm while charging which is manageable to some extent.
FEEDBACKS: Phone is slightly bulky and not comfortable for one hand usage.
FEEDBACKS: Performance wise the best you can get under this range and would give 9/10 for that....
FEEDBACKS: Head Phone: - Too cheap considering the built quality and performance of the phone. Hopes it will last for at least 6 months.
FEEDBACKS: LED Notification light is there,,, but it’s been disabled.. You need to root your phone and void your warranty to activate LED Notification which kind of sucks.
FEEDBACKS: However Moto notification is there but i didn’t find comfortable using that....
Gallery is missing........!!!! As non moto user it was hard for me to digest the fact moto doesn’t like galley and led notification at first....and it took some time to get gallery & music app from play store, which doesn’t contain adds.
FEEDBACKS: Call quality:- So far it’s good. But i saw lot of reviews saying call quality is bad and complaining about background noise, etc. However it’s working fine for me, but will update if anything comes up.
FEEDBACKS: Last but not least, the one which I received says Made in INDIA.....:-)
FEEDBACKS: Great phone.
FEEDBACKS: Super metal body. It fell on the road and a car went over it. Not a scratch on touch screen. Backside few scratches. Camera is damaged because it is projecting out of metal body.
FEEDBACKS: Pros
FEEDBACKS: Very good build quality. Good camera. No heating issues.
FEEDBACKS: Cons
FEEDBACKS: Depth Effect using dual camera is not good. Normal photos are great. Depth effect portrait photos are ok-ish.
FEEDBACKS: I trusted the brand and was very confident with the variant based on internet review, however, was ruined after buying it. FEEDBACKS: The battery does not even last for half day, even though charged fully the earlier day.
FEEDBACKS: The camera is not so good. Honor 6x is a better option, I have that one too.
FEEDBACKS: Its a very good phone and a very batttry efficient toooo if r afraid not it just bcoz of battry dont be afraid as the turbo charger charges it very fast 1hrs charge will last u for an entire day.
FEEDBACKS: The only 2 con. with thus device is the depth functionality is not that good & the security path update is still on june update dont know when motorola will push out an update & even android version is still on7.1.1 while 7.1.2 is the latest.
FEEDBACKS: I hope my review will help many users.
FEEDBACKS: Really one of the best phone powered by Motorola.
FEEDBACKS: I have received it on 11th of October, looks are fabulous and a very strong phone.
FEEDBACKS: Superb speed
FEEDBACKS: No lagging or hanging
FEEDBACKS: Little bit heatup(just because it has fast charging and metal unibody)
FEEDBACKS: Hybrid Sim slot, which seems to be a problem sometimes but however you will get 51.55GB of inbuilt memory.
FEEDBACKS: Rear camera is superb
FEEDBACKS: Front camera is 4/5
FEEDBACKS: Depth mode is good in daylight but satisfactory in night or artificial lighting.
FEEDBACKS: Good battery life but if you are a heavy Jio user then average battery life
FEEDBACKS: CONS
FEEDBACKS: Battery life is not great
FEEDBACKS: Camera in artificial lighting struggles a lot especially the front camera. It's rear camera too provides hued images in night.
FEEDBACKS: Must require a back cover or camera lens protector.( Don't skip it if you will not get it then you may have scratches over your camera).
FEEDBACKS: A software issue, sometimes when you are using the depth editor you have to pose a long loading time. Apart from that the focus capturing is also very bad.
FEEDBACKS: If all your photos are stored in SD card then the depth editor will not work and stops.
( Overall a good phone also durable)
FEEDBACKS: It's been 1 month I'm using this phone.
FEEDBACKS: It is really a good experience with this phone. At the beginning I'm a bit disappointed with the camera but after the update it is very cool.
FEEDBACKS: The depth effect really works very well But it lags a bit in dim light. The design is awesome metal unibody gives a premium look.
FEEDBACKS: Battery will come more than 18 hrs if u r addicted to mobiles.
FEEDBACKS: Touch response fingerprint sensor is really good. Selfie cam was too good. But because of production cost reduction they gave cheap quality earphones.
FEEDBACKS: But I have Moto impulse headphones which makes a good pair with this phone.
FEEDBACKS: I wanted to go for Samsung j7 Max or on Max but the display quality was really not at that extinct in those phones so I preferred Moto instead of Samsung in mid range mobiles.
FEEDBACKS: Well it's been around 12-15 days I have been using this phone and this is the perfect time to give an accurate review of this phone.
FEEDBACKS: First of all it's processor and ram are good as there is rarely a lag in phone. Heating is occasional mostly during charging due to the presence of turbocharger.
FEEDBACKS: Sometimes some of the apps like fb, Instagram and photos crashes but it's frequency is minimal.
Battery performance is good but not for 2 days purpose, only for one day max. But it's turbocharger helps boosting the charging from 1-80% within a hour. Rest 20% do take some time.
FEEDBACKS: Hybrid sim tray is kinda downside but then again for me 64 GB internal storage is enough but that may differ from people to people.
FEEDBACKS: Coming to gaming performance as I have witnessed no lag in big games like Asphalt, mordern combat 5, mortal combat x, dungeon hunter,warhammer etc.
FEEDBACKS: BUT it do lags in injustice 2 and it gives a bad performance in that game.
FEEDBACKS: Well now to its camera which is kinda disappointing. Well for Moto's new implications to its Moto camera are awesome but it's execution was pathetic.
FEEDBACKS: Photos take around 1 sec to save. Worst part of its is dual camera RGB part. It's processing time is too slow. It nearly takes 5 secs just to save, so there is no chance for quick captures. Also portraits are not that good as it doesn't correctly catches the portrait clearly.
FEEDBACKS: It's camera functions like B & W and replace background option fails completely.
FEEDBACKS: So in my opinion mobile is good for doing everything except camera part which I think would change with upcoming updates FEEDBACKS: with I am pretty sure Moto would give within sometime.
FEEDBACKS: Well it's been around 12-15 days I have been using this phone and this is the perfect time to give an accurate review of this phone.
FEEDBACKS: First of all it's processor and ram are good as there is rarely a lag in phone. Heating is occasional mostly during charging due to the presence of turbocharger.
FEEDBACKS: Sometimes some of the apps like fb, Instagram and photos crashes but it's frequency is minimal.
FEEDBACKS: Battery performance is good but not for 2 days purpose, only for one day max. But it's turbocharger helps boosting the charging from 1-80% within a hour. Rest 20% do take some time.
FEEDBACKS: Hybrid sim tray is kinda downside but then again for me 64 GB internal storage is enough but that may differ from people to people.
FEEDBACKS: Coming to gaming performance as I have witnessed no lag in big games like Asphalt, mordern combat 5, mortal combat x, dungeon hunter,warhammer etc.
FEEDBACKS: BUT it do lags in injustice 2 and it gives a bad performance in that game.
Well now to its camera which is kinda disappointing. Well for Moto's new implications to its Moto camera are awesome but it's execution was pathetic.
FEEDBACKS: Photos take around 1 sec to save. Worst part of its is dual camera RGB part. It's processing time is too slow. It nearly takes 5 secs just to save, so there is no chance for quick captures. Also portraits are not that good as it doesn't correctly catches the portrait clearly.
FEEDBACKS: It's camera functions like B & W and replace background option fails completely.
So in my opinion mobile is good for doing everything except camera part which I think would change with upcoming updates with I am pretty sure Moto would give within sometime.
FEEDBACKS: I bought this phone based on the trust on Moto G versions I've been using for 3 years , but this one has disappointed me in all aspects
FEEDBACKS: Crucial apps of Contacts, Messages and Phone does not work and hang all the time, most of the time you cannot access notifications, phone gets hot and battery drains super quick, turbocharger doesn't work sometimes, phone stays on same charge percentage for hours until you restart it.
FEEDBACKS: I don't know if Lenovo is trying to kill the product or it is like that only.
FEEDBACKS: I'd recommended Moto G3, Moto G4, Moto G5 and Moto G5Splus in last few years to many many people, but the latter two G5 and G5Splus people would curse me for their life.
FEEDBACKS: PROS
FEEDBACKS: Premium build quality.
FEEDBACKS: Storage capacity (64GB) is enough at this price range.
FEEDBACKS: 3- 4GB RAM and Snapdragon 625 processor gives a very good processing speed and this phone does not lag anywhere in the performance.
FEEDBACKS: You won't get such a performer at this price range.
FEEDBACKS: BATTERY performance is quite good and the Turbo Charger makes its more better.
FEEDBACKS: Splash Proof (not water proof) which makes it safer from small spills and rain.
FEEDBACKS: CONS
FEEDBACKS: Highly disappointed from the camera performance.
FEEDBACKS: Display is averge.
FEEDBACKS: Camera Bump is a huge problem.
FEEDBACKS: No notification LED.
FEEDBACKS: Overall its a nice phone. Its quite a performer. Moto is fixing all the camera related issues in its each update. According to me its a must buy phone at thi price range.
FEEDBACKS: Beware ! The product is faulty (check google for moto network issues) - the sim card is not getting detected at all which is working fine in other phones.
FEEDBACKS: Amazon has been of no help too - all they're saying is we can't process a refund in such cases. How inconsiderate! I'm trying to get a replacement now - for a phone that I don't want due to obvious issues. Don't go for it. Strongly recommending against it.
FEEDBACKS: I would be glad if someone from Amazon can process a refund or give a phone that actually works.
Will update in a few days what came out of this problem. They've arranged for a engineer checkup.
FEEDBACKS: Excellent product.
FEEDBACKS: Pros
FEEDBACKS: Smooth touch
FEEDBACKS: Hard screen because of gorilla glass
FEEDBACKS: Fast. 4gb ram and 2ghz processor ensures lag free performance.
FEEDBACKS: Stock android
FEEDBACKS: Moto gestures
FEEDBACKS: Excellent Camera.
FEEDBACKS: Cons
FEEDBACKS: Battery life is poor. Only good thing is that it allows fast charging.
FEEDBACKS: Sound clarity slightly less when watching videos or listening to music.
FEEDBACKS: Slow Android updates.
FEEDBACKS: Conclusion - Motorola was much better before Lenovo took over. But overall this is a very good phone. Although feels like a letdown over moto g4 plus. Lenovo please learn from moto's original products.
FEEDBACKS: I wont go into specs etc you all can find those in other reviews, I'll focus on what matters to users.
FEEDBACKS: VOLTE works on Jio in SIM slot 1. In the status bar VOLTE icon is not shown like previous MOTO devices, just a handset icon with 4G next to it is displayed. When you switch on mobile data LTE is displayed next to the 4G handset icon. Calls can be placed without Jio app.
FEEDBACKS: Call quality is very good. Crisp clear and loud.
FEEDBACKS: Speaker is loud enough, its not tinny, voices are perfectly legible. Its good for Youtube as well.
FEEDBACKS: Display has excellent viewing angles and color reproduction. Its CRISPY. Peak brightness is very good.
FEEDBACKS: Lunar gray color looks like Apple's space gray with a less color shifting when viewed at different angles.
FEEDBACKS: Aluminium build is way better than the G5 or G4. I have friends who use the formerly mentioned phones.
FEEDBACKS: Phone feels solid and does not flex. It is easy and comfy to grip.
FEEDBACKS: Camera bump is not protruding as much as the images may have you believe. / It does not look bad at least not to me.
FEEDBACKS: Selfie cam + front flash works well. Results are good and have good detail and correct exposure levels that is not too dark or too bright or washed out. selfie stills are not grainy.
FEEDBACKS: Main cam is good too. Depth feature has a small learning curve but works well. There is good depth effect to the image. Its a little slow with depth enabled but that is to expected on a SD625. HDR A is pretty good. Color reproduction is good as well, a little saturated without going over the top.
FEEDBACKS: Phone does not heat while web browsing for 2-3 hours or Youtube or general use, while gaming it gets warm but that is to be expected. This is not overheating people, you use the CPU + GPU power heat will be a byproduct. You can't defy Physics
FEEDBACKS: Good battery life. 5+ hours screen on time. Screen brightness slider full + adaptive brightness enabled and data + wifi whichever available is on all the time.
FEEDBACKS: Battery charging: 1-53% in 32 minutes on my phone. Turbo charging does produce heat but then it does so on every QucikCharge phone so nothing alarming.here.
FEEDBACKS: Full charge takes 75-80 minutes
FEEDBACKS: Overall device performance is good and its snappy in day to day use.
FEEDBACKS: p.s. In the screenshots I've edited out my number. I'm not dialing just 73. Take a look at the status bar.
FEEDBACKS: Excellent product but there are certain things which would have added its value such as - SPEAKER, FONT SIZE SHOULD HAVE BEEN BIGGER, BATTERY LIFE SHOULD HAVE BEEN 5000 (BECAUSE EVERY DAY PEOPLE GET BORED SEARCHING FOR A CHARGE FOR CHARGING THE CHARGER, TO GIVE COMPETITION TO OTHER PRODUCTS OF SAME PRICE RANGE.ULTIMATELY, FOR A PHONE - WE NEED GOOD BATTERY LIFE, SPEAKER SHOULD BE LOUDER (FOR HEARING, SONGS ETC).
FEEDBACKS: Hi I am writing this review after usage of 5 days.
FEEDBACKS: Here my pros and cons
FEEDBACKS: Pros
FEEDBACKS: battery back up is very good.for heavy usage it comes 2 days and quick charge is added advantage.in 1 hr battery full
FEEDBACKS: back camera quality also very good.first we have to do proper setting.front camera also good both side it has flash.
FEEDBACKS: there is no heating issue .I played games continually for half day phone was not heated.
FEEDBACKS: build is very good there no lag
FEEDBACKS: Cons
FEEDBACKS: depth mode camera is not working as expected but it's not that much bad
FEEDBACKS: there is no sd card slot .
FEEDBACKS: Head phones are up to mark.if u are a music lover u have to buy new one.
FEEDBACKS: No doubt it deserve 4.5-5 star. Good mobile with great features. All are good. Speciality of these mobile is camera, Frankly said i am using this mobile from 4th, it has lots of option for click and i am still not aware of all of that. Turbo Charger works very fine. No heating prob.
FEEDBACKS: 2.8 GB free / 4GB
FEEDBACKS: 52GB free / 64GB
FEEDBACKS: Turbo Charger Fast. (15V).
FEEDBACKS: Value for money, 9/10.
FEEDBACKS: At this range it is a great phone ....
FEEDBACKS: Screen is big enough,both cameras are good, display is very nice, speaker is good..and look wise awsm( blush gold)... Only one thing is that u can't use dual sim with micro SD card either use dual sim or one sim and SD card ......but I think it's not a big problem because 64 GB is enough,solid body but u have to use screen guard...
FEEDBACKS: So if you looking for a descent quality phone then go for it..... u won't regret.
FEEDBACKS: I love the metal body. The phone has a very premium look. Feels good to hold. But there few design cons which if not there would have made this phone unbeatable in 20k segment.
FEEDBACKS: Camera bump though attractive is prone to scracthes. So you need a good back cover with enough cover between ground and camera.
FEEDBACKS: Battery gets hot during charging. So I charge with phone off or I clean all apps in background. But since it has turbo charge I don't need to wait long for it to charge.
FEEDBACKS: The sim slot tray design should have been avoided. Instead a spring system to add and remove sim or memory should have been there . Like in htc phones.
FEEDBACKS: This phone in terms of specs beats many phones in this range. Camera is good. 4k recording and even slow motion feature in settings was a suprise. You need to check settings for that.
FEEDBACKS: Reviewing after 1 MONTH HEAVY USAGE, Great mobile at this price range, Don't go with the negative reviews because of it's battery backup no one can expect more than one day backup at heavy usage with 3000mah battery, camera quality and depth mode is quite good but not extraordinary and the depth capture delay can be reduced with the latest update, display is a great con to the mobile, I believe no other mobile can beat this one's chipset and performance, it is splash proof too, no heating except while charging, Just go for it, I Moto...
FEEDBACKS: RATING, 4.5/5
FEEDBACKS: review imagereview image
FEEDBACKS: I purchased this phone with great hope on 25 Oct 2017. Today is 28 DEC. Phone was delivered alright and worked fine. But the problem is that it went off while I was using google map and I was charging the phone with car charger. After that phone did not turn in at all. We tried everything we could.
FEEDBACKS:  Then we searched for a Motorola service centre in Goa. It was in Mapusa Goa. We left our phone there for an hour and we got call saying that there is a internal damage and the display was shattere. I was shocked to listen that from the service station. The phone was not dropped not pressed or any such thing which can damage the display. It was on car mobile holder and I was navigating with the phone.
FEEDBACKS: There is no way that we dropped or pressed the phone. We t just went off and didn't turn on. And now Motorola service station wants 7500 for repair. Really this is not fair. How is this possible. Is Motorola phone are that fagile that it can break while in mobile holder.
FEEDBACKS:  If the screen was shattered then why it is not turning on. There was not a single or little light in display. I want a answer to this. Please
FEEDBACKS: It's an below average for it's price of 14999/-
FEEDBACKS: Display is good. but becoz of bigger content layout, content displayed on the screen is very less and may be good for older people.
FEEDBACKS: Fingerprint is very fast
FEEDBACKS: Camera is very bad, dual camera sucks, depth is getting created using software and so much of errors and better you could edit manually.
FEEDBACKS: Camera shutter is not fast which takes a second or two to capture and save
FEEDBACKS: Performance is not tested yet with any heavy games, but no hangs for normal use.
FEEDBACKS: No heating during normal use.
FEEDBACKS: Sound is good.
FEEDBACKS: Battery is normal and lasting a day with normal usage (4g, whatsapp, facebook, few online videos with no gaming)
Worth it for 9000 or lesser/-
FEEDBACKS: As I was previous xiaomi user now I hv g5splus It's pretty cool phone awesome dual camera ,front also doesn't disappointed u fast charging, gorilla glass protection and splash proof phone .
FEEDBACKS: But my concerns are low quality earphones ,moto known for updates it's been 6 months no update as moto CEO promised to have updates but when and design of phone as u see on Amazon it kool but in reality its been quite flat from back .So moto please provide updates
FEEDBACKS: Overall Review's If you ask.. Great phone within 16000 .
FEEDBACKS: Cons Speaker. Not satisfied with the Motorola Speaker. It can be improved :)
FEEDBACKS: Great phone so far, battery backup is excellent, phone UI is latest and the features are great handy and overall a nice one from MOTO..
FEEDBACKS: camera quality is 4.5 stars, operating speed is 4.7 stars, moto gesture features and phone interface and looks , 4.5 stars. over all a great mid-range smartphone. no regrets and no negative points at all. except for one, the notification light is missing..
FEEDBACKS: I am in love with this smart phone.
FEEDBACKS: Everything is excellent. Specially the rare set of cameras.
FEEDBACKS: Front camera is also good.
FEEDBACKS: device has screen problem. screen gets flicker during use of some software.
FEEDBACKS: poor quality of camera. front camera is worst.
FEEDBACKS: I bought Moto g5s plus with so much expectations, but i m facing heating issue and sim not found issue with phone.
FEEDBACKS: Below is the description of the 2 major issues that I am facing:
FEEDBACKS: Whenever I use the camera, the phone gets heated up , the temperature rises by 5-6 degree Celsius. I called customer care several times and they are irritating me by getting few apps installed and verifying the condition through that app, how can i trust that app,
FEEDBACKS: even in the app it showed 4-5 degress celsius increase, the representative dragged the call for 1 hour upto 12:45 midnight and finally he is telling there is no return or refund policy available in amazon.
FEEDBACKS: I am really frustrated with amazon and i had never expected such a response from amazon. No where in the app it is mentioned that no return or refund is allowed for the phone, i am facing so much problem with the phone and amazon is cheating with me by giving the defective piece.
FEEDBACKS: The second issue that I am facing is that phone frequently shows sim not available, when i restart the phone then the sim gets detected, i have recording as well for the issue.
FEEDBACKS: Several times in a day the sim appears not available. Please note: it says sim not available. It doesnot say network unavailable.
FEEDBACKS: I am really frustrated with this phone and amazon and i want refund for the same
FEEDBACKS: Mobile is no doubt best in it's category, been over a month, no issues, product working flawlessly. Amazon continues to amaze us with best offer one can get in earth.
FEEDBACKS: If anyone looking to buy this mobile, simple be assured in both product and services offered by Motorola and Amazon.
FEEDBACKS: Thank you
FEEDBACKS: The best #Smartphone "Moto by Lenovo". On time delivery less-than 24hr and Packge quality is good. This is the best budget smartphone under ₹16k.
FEEDBACKS: Camera quality is good.
FEEDBACKS: The best thing is the smoothness if the phone which is equal to the iphone. Mobile gets heated up only for few minutes while charging because of turbo charger, then it cools down after the charging goes above 35-40%.
FEEDBACKS: It charges quick with turbo charger. Within 45-60 mins your phone gets fully charged. Even if you play heavy games, watch movie after movie, play music, surf on net no heating problems are observed.
FEEDBACKS: Camera quality is good.
FEEDBACKS: Both primary n secondary camera works cool. Camera has professional mode, depth enable and panorama mode. If you wanted more, just get more money. but if you have limited budget like i was. this phone are great for you. Received 1K Cashback also. After the update the battery backup has increased to 8-9 Hrs.
FEEDBACKS: 5 Stars for Amazon delivery
FEEDBACKS: A quick few Pros and cons from my perspective
FEEDBACKS: Pros
FEEDBACKS: full metal construction.. solid build
FEEDBACKS: Good Battery life
FEEDBACKS: Great Cameras with dedicated flash for selfie
FEEDBACKS: Stock android like experience with min. Bloatware
FEEDBACKS: quick updates available
FEEDBACKS: Cons
FEEDBACKS: Medi core Performance
FEEDBACKS: quite bulky when compared to other metal phones these days
FEEDBACKS: No type C reversible port
FEEDBACKS: Display is not that eyecatching in viewing and Brightness levels

Motorola is my fav brand of smartphones due to pure android experience. Motorola g5s plus is so exciting and responsive die to its super fast processor of 2ghz and 4 GB RAM and 64 GB memory. I also possess g5 series which is also quiet good but ofcourse not matching g5s plus series. G5s plus is recommended to people who want to exporting pe android and a great deal super functional smartphone which can take on competitors in higher pricing also very easily. Highly recommended phone to enthusiasts.

After using one month
Pros
1. Metal design (it was just amazing in this price)
2. Screen is just amazing and it's really smooth
3. Network signal is also good.. (problem with mi a1)
4. Fingerprint sensor just quick like light
5. Speaker just amazing sound quality
6. Moto notification (it doesn't consume charge)
7. Camera quality (after updating moto camera 2 app) low light image is osume
8. Front flash amazing for selfie
9. Gaming is smooth like butter
10. Quick charger charge your mobile 80% in just 1hour
11. One button navigation ( it expand your screen)
Cons.
1. Camera shutter is slow
2. Ram management is not good as compared to 4gb ram
3. battery (3000mah) I think it should be 3500 mah
Conclusion:
It is just amazing mobile in this price range and worth to buy ... I'm totally happy with the product and suggest you to buy without any hesitation 😃😃😃
Thank you for reading it

I have been using this phone from past 1 month and I have to say its a great phone. I was a redmi note 3 user before so i miss the infrared feature but else everything is fine. I don't know why people are complaining about the battery it has a very good battery backup. It should last you a day easily. Camera is also great. Portrait shots taken from this device are just so good. I don't think you will be disappointed with the performance. Yes it is little overpriced when compared to other competions in the market. But you get a really premium device too at the same time.Fingerprint works perfectly everytime and by the help of autoinput app i have the face unlock feature too and it is quite fast. See some YouTube videos it will be helpful. Games run very smoothly.... And yes the video at 60fps is really a treat to your eyes. No need to worry about the camera. It may not be as good as the mi a1 portrait mode but it is great. Battery is also great.

Build Quality (5/5) : This is what i love about moto and why G5s plus is my third moto phone in a row. If you are clumsy, spend your time outdoors, or just have rough handling, motorola is for you. The G5s plus doesn't disappoint. Sturdy material, good assembly, scratch resistant glass.
Form Factor (3/5) : The phone has a premium look (i got the blush gold) and the design is aesthetically appealing, However, to my utter disappointment i failed to notice that the size is 5.5". This thing is huge! i mean rocket launcher huge. Its as big as they come. Its just a couple of inches shy from a tablet. Depending on personal preference that is either good or bad. You could say that the display is bigger. Me, when i 'grip' the phone in my left hand, my thumb has access to about 30% or the screen area.
Performance (5/5) : The factory clocked 2.0Ghz on the 8-core 625 delivers butter smooth performance and smokes anything that you throw at it. This phone is good for development and enterprise apps. Gaming shines equally well, NFS No Limits gives out a good 30fps and doesn't slowdown or heat up even after hours of playing. Didn't observe any overheating issues that some others have been talking about, whether it is long calls or gaming.
Display (5/5) : This is as good as it gets short of a retina display. Images and videos are sharp and clear. Colors are a bit over saturated, but you can compensate that by turning off the 'vibrance' setting if you feel the same. Brightness is good enough under sunlight and there is very little reflection from the display
Audio (3/5) : The speaker has a good rich filling sound and decent surround. Bass and low frequencies are a bit subdued but the mid and highs are quite nice. Volume doesn't go quite as high as i'd like to. However there is something wrong with the audio driver or interface, when you switch to headphones, the audio quality is just bad. (even with my harmon kardon headies and several apps that i cared to test with). I'd not recommend this to people who do a lot of music on the phone.
Camera (3/5) : The big USP of this model, fails to impress. The photos below are clicked at stock settings and I've not yet used the professional mode which allows you to fiddle with stuff like ISO and aperture control. Low light photography is reasonably good and close-up portraits come out very well with the depth-of-field setting, the rest of it is just about average IMHO. Yet to see the magic of the infamous Sony CMOS sensor. About the front camera, is reasonably OK,but doesn't feel like an 8MP.
Battery (3/5) : The battery lasts about 30-50 hours at minimal usage and 10-20 hours at extensive usage (as observed over a few days of usage). It's not as bad as some of the phones i've known but its nothing to brag about either. It sure does charge up fast, like 10 to 100% in an hour, atleast in its early life. Keep in mind that Moto softwares are minimalistic and dont do much, perhaps a battery saver app will be able to get more out if it.
Overall : An average product with all the necessary features that perform just about okay. I'd choose it any day over the other options given to my trust for the brand.

The phone is kind of OK.
You will hardly face any problem while daily functioning,multitasking or playing heavier games (I am currently playing Modern Combat 5 without any issues).
The battery back up is decent for 3000mAH (You need to recharge at the end of the day.).
The Fast Charging is not the fastest out there in the market (mine takes 100 to 110 mins to charge completely), but it serves my purpose anyway.
The Camera is definitely not the best in the range, It's average at best (note it is not disappointing but its not that great either).
The image processing that the system performs by default reduces the quality of the image (It creates some frustrating noises).
The capture speed is slow.
Depth enabled/professional modes are fun to click photos but they definitely need improvements.

I'm writing this after 5 days of usage to be fair. Anyone wanting to buy can give a read as I discuss each individual things.
Build quality:
The build quality is awesome and it feels so good to hold it. The metal body gives off a cool feeling.(Most of the time but I'll come to it later)
Camera:
The main feature of this phone was the dual camera but for me it wasn't upto expectations as the camera had a slight delay even after downloading Camera 2 and Camera Tuner. Hope Moto fixes this. The delay in Depth Mode is even longer, close to 5 seconds but atleast the pictures are good. Night shots are okay-ish and not too good.
Dual Sim:
I was unhappy with the Hybrid slim slot but it's not that big of a problem as the available 52 GB is more than enough for storage. First off, you can use 4G and Jio sims, I donno why some people aren't able to use it. It is 4G enabled and the symbol is slightly different.
Android:
You get confirmed update to Oreo next year and can fell the stock Android experience
Sensors:
It has all the sensors except for Magnetometer. I wonder why Moto keeps skipping out this sensor.
Speaker:
I found the speaker to be good.
Heating:
I found no heating of the phone during my usage. It only got ever so slightly hot after more than one hour of continuous usage like watching movie with data on. The phone remains cool except when charging when it heats up, but this is to be expected because of Turbo Charging.
Charging and battery:
Many people complain that the battery drains fast but I found that the battery is pretty strong given that I have Dual sim with 4G data on and it still lasts a day easily even with watching a movie or some shows.
Coming to charging, I found the Turbo charger to be extremely effective and it charges the phone within 1 hour 15 minutes to 100%. The only issue is phone gets heated when charging but it cools down quickly thereafter.
Fingerprint Sensor:
The sensor is lightning quick and is very responsive. The one touch Navigation is pretty good too as it frees up some space on the screen.
RAM:
4 GB of ram is very adequate and you can do almost any stuff without any lag. You can even try out extreme graphic games without a problem.
External Body:
The back of the phone is very smooth and slippery so I would suggest to buy a good back cover for enhanced grip.
Pricing:
The price of this phone is the same as that of Moto G5 Plus previously so this is a very competitive price for the features provided.
Final thoughts:
You can calmly go for this phone if you are looking for a good budget phone around 15k and if you don't care too much about the Camera. It's not the camera is bad but for a device whose USP was it's camera it could've been better. For me I'm completely satisfied with the phone. This was my first Moto and I'm happy.
Do give a upvote if you find this useful. Also if you have any queries and want to inquire about a specific issue.

Awesome ... After appox 2 months of reviews, research and comparisions with this range of budget of phones ...
proud of myself for choosing this and saying it as ""THIS IS MY PHONE:""" ...
No Second Thought guys .. if u are luking fr 15k to 17k / 20k range .. Just Go fr this and OWN it

Phone is a little big for me to use, also very delicate. Good battery life.
Update: I will not highly recommend this phone as there is a screen flicker. I read complaints from other users as well, regarding the screen flicker. Some reviewers have said it isn't a hardware issue, it is cheap parts used that is causing the flicker. Motorola hasn't come up with a solution yet.

Got a phone that refused to charge the first day I received it!!!
The phone had 70% of battery once unboxed, decided to charge it but surprisingly didn't increase a single % even after charging for 10-15 mins.
Decided to use it anyway; experienced the back of the phone heats up real quickly if you use 4G along with multiple apps continuously for more than hour.
This is quite a problem if your someone who works on your phone.
Also experienced time lag for certain apps, intermittent delay, which is surprising considering it has a 4GB RAM. Not sure if this is a common feature with other users as well.
Have been offered a new replacement phone.
Hopefully it turns out better than this.

What i liked is speed performance obviously no lag ,
moto gestures features fabulous especially one button navigation,
premium look,
screen clarity good for this price range,
front camera good and rear low light good ,
turbo charging and
usual stock android + nfc + splash resistant + single sim volte on sim 2.
Cons
Rear dual camera worse which is main feature n prof mode manual is avg (camera lovers kindly avoid)
Loudspeaker avg not loud at all
Battery is enough for a day but minor discharging issue
Heating issue only when charging sometimes
Metal body deign slippery since heavy
Earphone worse ever I used
***Ive used only two days and returned the product due to electric shock observed over metal body during in mobile charge.

Except camera and battery life all are good for this phone at this range . I never expected that Moto camera will be disappoint me. One more thing I want tell u dear friends that moto bluetooth is auto on frequently . I have of it manually ..No help from service center.

I have purchased Moto g5s plus mobile in Amazon on SEPTEMBER 21st night
I used this phone near 5-6days.
Coming to specifications apart....!!!!!
1.Back camera quality is too good & front also good.
2.sound is too high,but clearity is some what better.
3.Battery backup is also good.
4.Bulid quality is super for Moto g5s plus.
5.Moto have one more good feature,I.e,. All upcoming Moto Mobiles are light weight.
@this price(Rs.15999) it's good specifications.I can suggest that if any body wants to buy,I can suggest Moto g5s plus is too good.
Moto g5s plus is weight less mobile.u can carry easily anywhere.
When we compare to mi phone,for Mi phone 📷 quality is good & sound is also better.After using 1-2 year's of mi phone,alot of ppl are facing problem with camera (error:camera is not working, please restart ur phone).After restart ur mi phone also,the camera won't work.
I can believe that MOTO is better then Mi phones.
MOTO means "it will motivate ur brain just like Friend"
MOTO means "it will motivate your brain to work in smart ways. "
No hanging in MOTO phones.
Moto g5s plus is good phone for everyone.
Look is too good.

Awesome product..i think its much better then mia1..no issues found..one problem is that camera hump..this can be overcome by using best back cover..for me it gives 22 to 23 hrs battery back up.. Waiting for ota update (After that all small issues can be overcome)and nogut update...best product right now in 15k budget..go for it blindly..i am giving some photos shoot by this camera

It's a value for money phone with some excellent specs not only on paper but in practical use as well. RAM management is excellent as you can run multiple apps without a lag. The gaming performance with high graphics games like Asphalt is very good, and the software is butter smooth with stock Android out of the box. The best part about the phone is it's battery which is awesome as I was sceptical because it has a 3000 mAh battery but on the contrary it is great and turbo charger juices it up pretty fast. The only downside or con is the cameras. The rear camera is good but not the best. The video shooting is good with electronic image stabilisation at 1080p. The front camera is average even though it has a LED flash. All together a bang for your buck and a value for money phone.

I bought my Moto G5 S plus in September 2017 via Amazon.in (India). I'm currently in Austria and the phone was working fine with 2 sims- one Indian (Vodafone) & one Austrian (Delight Mobile) but last week (Jan 2018) my phone suddenly started acting weird.
Both the sim cards are not detected and showing sim slot empty and the phone gets restart by itself randomly.
I'm not a rough user of the phone and I don't have any unwanted or too many apps installed in my phone; thus it was a shock to see my phone misbehaving.
I tried many solutions like reset, restart, take the sim slot out etc but nothing is working.
Such a disappointment even before the first 4 months :/

Pros:
Worth for money.
Awesome handset.
Smooth for use.
Android at it's best.
Camera quality.
'Moto actions' makes you say wow..
Quick charge.
Cons:
Battery discharges slight early due to low mAh. I'm charging once every day. (provided that I connect to WiFi/4G network, play small games)
You can either use only the tempered glass or only the back case. both cannot be used. This is because of the gorilla glass edges.
(some people use both. But the tempered will not fix the screen exactly and its short compared to the screen size). Which few might don't like..

Don't buy.. dust particles are coming inside camera... I have taken it to service centre, and they cleaned it, but after some days there are again dusts inside the camera...

i purchased the moto G5s Plus Last 14th Sept and i reviving the package is 15th sept that y amazon is very fast delivery thank you amazon.
1) Phone is Very Build Quality
2) Design with Looking Much
3) Price and Spec is very cool
4) Performance is too best (4GB Ram & 64Gb Storage )
5) Camera is Much ( Back 13+13 Dual Flash & Frond 8mp with Flash)
6) No Heating issue & hang
its my 1st moto mobile , I love it....

I used it for 10 days and writing ds review :-
cons only:-
1. Really upset with network issue
Somtimes even in good network range area also it says to my callers dt my number is out of coverage area dt to even after clearing d issue from service providers it same mobile problem
2. Too much call drop
Somtimes call aromatically gets disconnected
Somtimes dailler keeps on in hanging for 1 to 2 mins even after call disconnecting
3. While browsing automatically networks drops from 4g to 3g & somtimes disconnected aromatically
4. Camera is ordinary
Not much of sharp & clear images can be seen in zoom d blur effect & not much details in photos
5. Battery is good but not very good
6. Ds phone is splash resistance but not IP certified one

the phone is great but didn't match the quality standards as promised by Motorola gaming is great no lags great picture quality but where it lacks is the camera i think the co. should see towards more into camera quality like at night mobile camera is well able to take pics but are either very grainy or blur same in day time well over all the phone is great build up and yes the professional mod in the camera is great to me and to avoid more blurry shots try to capture in professional mode .. dash charging is amazing almost to one plus 3t like in half or 45 mins i great a full day power amazing work..but sadly now it's with lenovo so i've some low expectation with it beacuse till the time when it was with google i was satisfied with the quality work

Writing this review after 2 weeks of use.
Pros:
1. Superb build quality. Classy look. Pure stock Android experience.
2. Smooth performance. Installed over 100 apps but no lag noticed till now.
3. Fantastic finger-print sensor. No lags noticed while locking/unlocking.
4. Takes slightly over 1 hour for full charging using Turbo Charger.
Cons:
1. Battery heats up while charging. For me, this occurs only when using its Turbo Charger, and not with any other charger. Also, once the battery is 80% charged, there's no more heating.
2. Battery backup could have been better. I'm not a heavy user and get around 15-16 hours with single charge.
3. Image quality is decent even with Dual Camera. Mi A1 & Lenovo K8 Plus fare better in this area.
Overall, this is one of the best phones in this budget. Go for it!!!

Very good phone with very high hardware specifications. Motorola beats Samsung by miles when it comes to price and configuration. Usually people only go for either Samsung or Motorola between 10 to 15 k and this phone comes out as standalone winner. Plz go through YouTube / Internet web site reviews to know more about this phone. However from my side there are no complaints but only compliments to give for this phone.

It's a good midrange phone nice RAM management and nice 2.0gz prosessor good touch screen performance nice crisp FHD display on warmer side but looks good to eyes camera experince is fair at this price point but front facing camera with led flash is good its good to hold in hand because of rounded edges overall it's a good perfomer. Go for it guys.

Had the phone for about a week now. Upgraded from the G1 to G3 and now the G5S+. I confidently believe this phone has been made by blending metal and vaseline. I can't explain how slippery this phone is and if you have small hands, it will be tricky to hold (I have trouble even though my hands are monstrously large). That aside, it's not lag free. Multitasking is good for the most part but it does hang up sometimes. Was hoping this would be eliminated since it's a major reason why I upgraded. Finally, heavy users best be prepared for 2 juice ups a day. With constant usage, it will be down to 0% charge in under 24 hours.
That aside, good camera, nice flash, screen's big too and the UI's typical android fare. Decent phone to meet most needs but nothing else. It's the Maruti Dzire of cellphones.

After usages of 1 week I get 2 update for security and Camera and I didn't found any lags
Pros:-
1. Camera (Rear and Front) after update all bugs removed
2. Fast Charging with 1.15 Hr full from 10-100%
3. Moto single metal body design
4. Loud speaker are awesome
5. 2.5curve Gorilla glass protection
6. Fast fingerprint sensor
7. Having many Moto action and display
Cons:-
1. Hybrid sim slot
2. Light sensor for notification
3. Late Security updates
4. Compass sensor

Amazon sent defective phone 4th time.. trend ...Asus Zenfone 2.. repacked.
Mi max 2 ... Undelivered in time even after several request.. so I didn't accept.
Lg q6 .. defective.. battery issue and too much heating. Hence replaced...replace peice same heating issue.. hence refunded.
Motog5s... I liked it but Gmail app was killing itself. And phone battery Rose to 42 degree within 5 mins....so Amazon phone banking officer tested thru Blanco n himself confirmed that return will be done. He lied to me that he can't replace as phone was not in stock... Still phone was present in stock. I checked that.

The glass of one of the rear cameras is hazy from day one as if dust has accumulated on it from inside. I did notice it on the first day but ignored it, thinking nothing can be wrong with a sealed product. But as my brother also bought the same phone from Amazon and I got a chance to compare it with my phone, I noticed that both the rear camera lenses in his phone were cristal clear. So now I know for sure that there is something wrong with my handset. I wonder how dust entered a sealed phone. I'll rate it 5 once the problem is solved. The phone is otherwise a wonderful one. Please help.
review imagereview image

I really want to buy motog5s plus mobile but 0% interest emi options or Bajaj finance.........

I am writing the review after a week of usage Pros:Best camera at this price range.
Good In built quality feels premium in hand.
Moto Actions are awesome.
It's has turbo charger can charger your phone form 0 to 100% in approx 100 mins.
Water Splash resistance.
Front camera with Flashlight.
Cons: No LED light notification but you have Moto display notification.
Display is little bit less contrast and bright as compare to other mobiles yet to confirm wether it has a defect or it's fine but now I am licking the display as it will protect my eyes.

Excellent performance
Lightning fast charging
Awesome display
Supercool look
Camera is pretty good.....Depth mode needs work and updates for sure
Earphones are ordinary....It can be made better
Plsssss Don't show lenovo logo on startup
Fingerprint sensor very delicate...does not work if u r hands r little bit sweaty
Charging cable became loose very soon

ALL THE PERFORMANCE IS OKK....BUT BATTERY PERFORMANCE POOR....3000 mAh BATTERY IS NOT SUFFICIENT FOR 5.5 INCH FULL HD DISPLAY....USING CONSTANTLY AND NET SURFING IT GIVES MAX UP TO 5 HOUR....IT IS VERY CONS OF MOTO G5s PLUS.....OTHERWISE DECENT PERFORMANCE.....

Bought in September 2017. Product was not supporting turbo charging. Given to Motorola/Lenovo service center. They said that they improved it but screwed up fingerprint reader. Now they are working on it for "short duration" of 2 months. They are passing it from one service center to another by their saying "forwarded your concerns to our imaginary desired team"

I am writing a honest review after 1 week of usage

Pros
1. Good performance (applications are running smooth)
2. Good touch and gorilla glass
3. Good to watch movies and hear music
4. finger print sensor
I was using a low price mobile previously and recently changed to moto g5s plus and i am very much satisfied

This review is after using 3 months.
Speaker Sound is too Good
Camera is Good if you know how to use the Camera in Pro mode
No lag till now installed around 40-50 apps and moderate graphics games.
Battery for Moderate usage lasts for a day.
Bit bulky in size.
HeadPhones should have been of better quality.

I was in a situation while buying this one. Budget was 15k and two phones in competition - Mi A1 and Moto G5s plus. The only reason I bought this one was because I needed it urgently and A1 was only available in flash sales. I didn't want to but Moto G5s plus because I've had two Motorola phones previously and a pretty bad experience because at the start they are all good and obedient but after a year, they'll do whatever they like to do, then they're Decepticons and you'll hate them. It's been 4 months of using this one and day before yesterday NFC of my phone Collected New Tags like a 1000 times. So I knew that Optimus Prime is becoming friends with Megatron. The bokeh mode appears like fake bokeh mode, didn't like it.

It's been 3 months I've been using this phone and the phone works just like a 8-9k phone. The camera takes so soft photos which makes the dual camera useless. The phone lags on Snapchat ,sometimes on WhatsApp and other apps & games lags too like asphalt ( a bit ) . Now since yesterday there starts the battery problem too!! The phone charges from 0 to 44% in just 10 min and looses the battery at almost ½hr. Really that was expected from Lenovo phone. Sad I thought they'd spare Motorola.:(

The hardware specification are awesome, just have problem with the camera algorithms. The depth enabled mode doesn't work properly, mostly it blurs the important part too. The camera also makes the image much yellowish. In low light, the camera adds coloured dots in the image. One more and important thing, it seems like there is no noise cancellation instead there is noise addition...

Superb phone.100% better than Nokia 6.I think i am the first person who bought this phone on 11:59 PM 29th august.30th august is Nokia 6 sale.
It is a perfect competitor for Nokia 6. i am waiting for Nokia since it is announced (1 Year).Everything is Fantastic
camera-5/5
processor-5/5
battery-4/5

Moto phones used to rock the market with their stylish design and features plus quality of the product. It's no more moto. It's lenovo and so traces of Chinese made product is visible here. Issues u can expect in a Chinese phone are present here as well.
Proximity sensor is not working sometimes. So during a call screen gets on, other apps get opened and so unexpected actions taken while in call. Other issues like call connectivity, voice clarity over call and so on. Overall don't expect this to be another original MOTO marvel.

hi all, i am writing this review after using this product 15 days...o

postive :-
good battery backup even you are heavy user..
4gb ram still not hang
display
video recording with 4k
camera clarity
front camera flash..
turbo charging
negative feedback :-
Design specially for camera
No inbuilt gallary app ( you can download from playstore)
cant hide inside content if you recuven any mesaage through whatsaap or any
no notification light.
no 4g volte even device fluctaute data network many time..i had tried 2-3 opertors..
voice clarity issue
finger sensor.

Awesome phone and super camera. Looks are ordinary nothing outstanding and the phone is pretty slippery and slips easily without a cover.
camera blur option is cool and battery is decent. . one hand mode and other customising options are good

Amazing product from the pioneers of the world who came with "6 Sigma" concept and this phone is sleek, stylish and very nice color "Metallic Gray" and the same color I got Maruti Suzuki car Alto Vxi 800. Color is important for people and this shows the moods of the people while buying :-). And this phone has two cameras which some competitors in India had got it into the market. Motorola came with a Innovative IdeA for this Deepavali and made "Colors" in people lifes especially for me :-)

Hi guys got this phone a week ago.... This phone is the best in terms of performance . Camera is above average but upgrade should be done in this department considering the phones cost ... n guys it doesn't yet support VoLTE so if ur considering using jio then u might have to install tat jio app o sumthin n ya the phones battery is 3000 mAh considering the size of this they should have upgraded the battery too but it isn't it last just 8 hours on a full charge by doing normal things as in surfing little bit of games n camera usage ...this r the only disadvantages of this phone...... 😜

This is simply average phone.
Pros:
1) Daylight camera shot is good
2) Good processor
3) Average battery backup
4) Improved front camera compared to previous edition
Cons:
1) Worst third class accessories (Charger & earphone)
2) bad low light photos. Color flash light make even worse.

Don't buy this mobile, I have purchased this mobile on Aug 31, 2017 (Order# 405-1701445-7891544). Yesterday it was shutdown automatically, and I thought that charge was over and tried to put on charge, it didn't show any charging indications and can't able to power on back. So I went to Motorola service centre and gave it for a service today they are called me and said this is not comes and warranty. Because of it is having small scratches. Note it down it is a full aluminium body and felt down before 5 month customer care centre call saying day by day it will face lot of problems so only your mobile shutdown unexpectedly yesterday. But in between this 5 month I didn't faced any problems. So finally it's not comes under warranty so why I should I buy for 16k? And for amazon/flipkart/mobile brands needs to tell clearly there is no warranty for any mobiles instead of saying 1 year manufacturer warranty, because finally they are going to ask money for reparing your phone so what's the big deal??
- Sivaraman Antony

Pretty good when we talk about operations. When it comes to camera, shutter timing and auto fix does not work well. Plus brightness levels has to be fixed. Lowest level is too bright for night even when you have night lamp and few other small lights lit up. Overall a decent buy in this price tag, hoping for updates to make it better. Camera depth and quality could have been a lot better in this price range. Does not do justice to it's usp "dual camera". Front camera is lot better though.

Awesome product.. reviewing after 2 days of use
Pros:
Build quality superb
Camera good
Performance excellent
Sound amazing
Battery backup is good
Cons:
Depth effect not as expected
Heating issue while charging due to metallic back
Front camera recording is too worst..u can't simply record in medium dark room
Some sensor is missing
In short, product is good in this budget but some changes should be done by Motorola with software update...u should go for this product...same day delivery by amazon.. excellent!!

Mobile aane ka date 8 January Tha but mobile 3 January ko hi aa gya, delivery bhut fast h, thanks to all.
Maine jaisa Socha usse bhut accha mobile h, camera performance is wonderful as expected to the other s in this range, screen is so bright and vibrant, battery backup​ is wonderful, it looks smarter then picture, definitely this is the best phone in 20k range also. Maine 3 months search kiya, compare kiya, tab jakr ye mobile liya, I love this phone so much, thanks to Motorola and Amazon team

Brilliant phone for a good price. Love the voice recognition. Camera is good. Gesture control and charging speed is good. No hearing issues after two weeks of use. Sound quality is good. Overall happy with my buy.

Was quiet disappointed because of some
cons-
1)Does not have inbuilt call recorder and another recording applications not recording voice properly. Motorola team please resolve issue 2)camera is not working good in low light, and in daylight picture quality not up to mark( I am doubtful about camera power),
There was not options as beauty face, HDR, low light, night mode and many more as compared to other mobiles in this segment.

Note- CAMERA AND SELFIE LOVER THIS PHONE IS NOT FOR YOU.
3)led flash was not good, not bright, gave yellow light,
4) If any time you answered call by mistake or dial any call by mistake and doing another work,
notification toolbar was not showing this strongly.This is quite dangerous.( In my last phone asus upper toolbar colour changes to green).
5) Notifications are not clearly visible and not properly highlighted.
6) Overheating while using net, while charging.
7) Battery draining fast while using net and gives backup for 12 hours,
6) not showing notification continuosly when screen locked and in sleep,
7) Notification led is missing,
8) Do not show battery percentage in toolbar,
9) while charging no indication light is there.
Pros-
1) Smooth working no hanging problem,
2) Sound quality superb,
3) Gorilla glass protection,
4) touch screen work fast, great touch feel,
I was expecting more from this BRAND.

No words..... It's a amazing product....
Camera quality is very fabulous
No hanging problem...
Charging ... Amazing ......
Built quality is very nice ....
I recommend to buy this if any body interested to buy moto product also budget under 16K..
Thanku so much ....
Kamal Dhiman

Performance wise it's a good buy with it's super fast processor. But am not satisfied with the front camera 📷. It's more pathetic with selfie flash 🤳. Back camera is very clear with pro mode on.

The phone is damn good.
Nice look.
Feels great in hand.
Good camera not too great.
Good battery backup and Great charging speed.
No lags almost with every app.
Few drawbacks,
No notification LED.
No Dolby Atmos
Camera hangs sometime.
Over all a great purchase.

Before this phone I used Sony Xperia M4 aqua dual.. It is 10times better than the M4 aqua.. I'm really satisfied with this phone you must go for it... Everything's here in this phone but except for the LED notification Light :(

But it is worth nearly thrice times higher it's price! Yes. It is that awesome.
From construction to performance the device is a joy to use. This phone made me question "why would people require device any faster?" Moto g5s plus is blaizingly fast without compromising on frame rates.
Blindly go for this!

camera is good. works good in low light. it heats up a little while charging due metal unibody. back design could have been better. the quality of earphones is too cheap. rest performance is excellent.

I give 5 starts coz this phone is really really so good under 16,999 price. Slim phone , camera is also very good , fully stock android , build quality is excellent. But there are some bad things in the phone like only 3,000mah battery , there is no compass sensor and no laser auto focus sensor , hybrid slot. But overall phone is excellent.

I like this phone. Certainly is awesome for its price and to be a phone in the upper middle range looks like a superior phone of upper class. Full metal, good cámera in front and rear (double camera), a processor that does it all, fast finger print recognition, a very good RAM (3 Gz) and a battery that lasts all day. More?..You are getting a marvelous phone for the price. Not a perfect phone but it does the work and I realy like it...

This is my 2nd moto g5s plus from Amazon in last 15days. Phone is just amazing. No matter which phone you have used earlier, you gonna love the screen. Body of this master piece is real premium. Moto has done a real job on it. Amazon delivery was excellent both times. I got it before the purposed date. Package was safe. I would like to say thanks to the seller because the phone was unavailable with everyone else.

Well... its been 15 days and This mobile serves my daily purpose exactly.
I had Order this mobile & it really took to Amazon to deliver one week.. which was disappointed. And the worse was the packaging. You are selling 16000 rs product with just one bean box wrapping? I got tempered glass in very good packaging as compare to mobile packaging.
Talking about mobile, All looks very good but I am disappointed with camara & inbuild photo app. Sometimes I have also faced hanging problem But not facing now. not sure y it happened. Battary last long for 11 - 12 hrs. Turbo charger works perfectly. You can't use both sim & memory card at the same time. You will need to use combination as 1 sim & memory card or both sim cards. No VOLTE supported. No OTG supported. Overall I don't use with heavily use so it does serve my requirements. So I like touch & feel ... So 4 stars from my side.

This is brilliant superb awesome
Everything is perfect
Even it's look and slimness
But problem is that g5s+ heats up a lot it heats even in normal condition
And here is technical problem ....
The suddely reaches 95% from 50%
Ever reaches 50% from the 100%
It's an big issue irritating me like an owl
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••
I'm not pretending you to don't purchase this phone battery percent problem is really a big problem to me

Performance wise product is good full day battery back up. Over the month of use device seems to be bend inspite of high quality rugged case and tempered class. Can't understand how this happened even customer care don't know about the issue. Cant recommend this product to anyone if this is the type of issues arising if you are paying 16k bucks out of your pocket with hard earned money. Manufacturing defect or something. bend can be observed near volume keys
Performance of this phone does not support kts specifications..Lags,a lot..
Camera is decent.
Major flaw-
Poor interface
No easy smart TV connectivity
Sim slot has only 2 slots i.e. Either u can use 2 sims or 1sim+ sd card...
2 sims and SD card can not be used together..
This is really wrong marketing which Moto and Amazon are doing...
Request to Amazon please write correct specs..

I have purchased this phone on 25th of Jan, after 1-2 days I have faced problem with its camera. I thought it was some kind of setting issue and I carry on with it. But on 3-4 day, I faced problem in phone charging issue and it started hang. I reached to Motorola authorized customer care for diagnosis. They took 1:30 hr to 1:45 hr for diagnosis. They have kept my data cable saying that it is faulty and promised me in written that they will return back it in 2 days. There I come to know with their executive that this phone (moto G5s) has issue to due turbo charging and we get many complaint daily. After their diagnosis my phone got in worst condition.
After all this I made an complaint to Amazon for refund and returns for this phone and after 4-5 email they have sent their engineer to home. There engineer said that he cannot do any thing as you have not my phone charger with me.
After all this my phone is still in dead condition and it seems my money is going in vain.
I was big fan of Moto (had 5-6 Moto phone) earlier but after facing all this problems. My recommendation to everyone, please do not buy this or any Moto product as there phones has problems and they have worst authorized customer care who making fool of customer with false promises.

I got my moto g5s plus delivered yesterday, it works very fast and smooth 4gb ram is supporting it the battery backup is as i wanted it als gets charged fast from yesterday i am finding a new feature in it but 1 thing for which i am not happy is the camera,the phone has dual camera but it is not wht i expected anyway it is not bad, in total the phone is awesome it is super super fast and the graphics are also amazing ☺

I recently switched from Lumia Windows phone to Motorola Android phone. Phone is good, in terms of battery and performance both. I would mention that the battery is really good, Turbo charging helps me a lot, half an hour in lunch and.... Enjoy. Well in terms of camera I still prefer my Lumia 640xl specially for macro shots, auto focusing on nearer objects is much easier in Lumia. I really liked the Moto gestures. Depth mode is good but not as expected, sometimes it blurts the main image.
Colour: Blush Gold|Verified Purchase
Device is very good! But I'm experiencing a ghost touch issue on my Moto G5S Plus.
× In any keyboard app, sometimes it automatically types next character along with what you typed. For eg. If I type 'w' letter, it will type 'w' along with 'e' letter. (Not while charging, anytime)
× Also while selecting multiple mails in gmail app, a notification area pops down.
×Screen freezes sometimes while running basic apps. I need to lock & unlock device to unfreeze!
These are software issues or hardware one?
Can a replacement is possible?

Camera is pathetic many software issues faced no improvement even after installing the updates amazon not honest enough to accept the issues TVS electronics who acts as middlemen gives false information and rejects to accept return they send dump fellows who calls themselvee as technical engineers he cant even understand the term "noise" (in photograph). Worst experience with amazon. NEVER BUY THIS MOBILE

Amazon delivery was prior to the promised time. Thanks for early delivery.
Moto G5 s+ is good for moderate usage, but phone gets heated up when used more than average. Example, the phone gets heated up when you are continuously on Google maps and you are on the call for same time. Camera is good, can take good pictures, night shoot is good. Overall phone features ate good. A value for money product.

Good phone go for it worth the money .
Pros :
Big screen with 5.5 inch .
Battery life seems to be good when used whole day with out charging .
Feather touch sensor .
Camera is decent with flash light for front camera.
Lots more .
Cons:
Seems like it is getting heated while charging
No notification light .
Slightly slippery .(should have a armour case)

Jabardast phone in this price. I got it in 12600. No one can match this phone performance in this price range. A must buy and it also support volte. I was concerned about the camera bump but its not that much bump. You must use a good back cover and problem solved. No Scratch on camera even without cover. I m just waiting for the oreo update. Let's see when we get this.

Bought it 3 months before.
From yesterday, mobile not charging.
Turbo charger is fine.
But, charging pin is damaged.
Highly disappointed.
Amazon, please contact me through mail.

Mobile experience is amazing.i have switched from Zenfone 2 to moto G5s stock Android.mobile headphone jack phone have some issue its too tight...u need to use little bit force for plug headphone.camera is so so not like as they desribed in ads.you can't save edit Sim contact.No gellery software

4G Network issue. The call keeps dropping for 4G. No issues with the same sim from other phone. Tried all combo including replacing SIM with a new one but by the time replacement window also was closed. Now I have to take it to warranty center :-(
Update: After 5 visits to warranty store and 2 software updates, they figured that antenna was not working. They fixed it free of cost and so it is working now.

It is ok ok cell phone. Not great. Specially big no for depth effect photo. Motorola published this for best camera in this segment but after using this , i can say dont go for this mobile, Go for Redmi A1. Mi A1 camera is far far better than G5s plus. Not even camera , Mi A1 is great in every aspect. And In my moto g5s plus May month security update is running, moto does not provide security update.

I did not like the product ....Because ....It gets heated up while charging .....n the battery also drains v soon.

This is my review after using 2 weeks.bulid quality is good.camera is good.best for games.i think this is the best phone for this price.
Cons
Speed of camera is not much fast.it is taking 6 seconds of time to take a picture.
after a few days fingerprint is not working as same as the first day

Mobile is Good but battery not up to the mark I Also own MIA1 it's battery is better but Moto has fast turbo charger,but one WORST thing is its headphone which is of very cheap quality also not good in terms of volume and beats and last but not the least there is lots of material saving or cost cutting charger is of low quality and wire is too short about mobile will again update after few days till now mobile is best.

I have been using this phone for a month now and can share few pro and cons about it.
Pro -1) turbo charger and if you are heavy user then this charger will help you a lot.
2) 64 GB memory is sufficient for most users.
3) fast processer, have played different games and never faced any issue.
Con
1) finger sensor I feel should have been at back instead of front. Feels bit uncomfortable
2) metal body is too slippery and you need to have solid back cover for this
3) instead of 5.5 inch 5 inch screen would have made this phone a killer product.
4) Amazon or Motorola should add a free tempered glass which will not cost more than 100 bucks

The mobile is good at this price range, the main USP camera what was expected is poor it takes some time to detect the objects and to save same time you cannot edit it, day time images are very good, selfies are good at day time and night time with LED flash
battery lasts for a day, display and performance is very good, 4gb ram and 64gb internal memory is enough to use no lagging, mobile gets full charge at 1.15 hrs, hope Moto will update the camera in coming days
Thank you

Was delivered within 24 hours.
Have been using this for 2 weeks now. Good phone.
With Battery Saver on, the mobile runs for a whole day.
Pros:
1. Fast Charging
2. Good display
3. Games load quickly
4. Call quality
5. Camera is good in natural light, both in Video and Normal camera mode.
6. Loud and clear speaker
Cons:
1. Battery usage is a high with Jio sim.
2. The Headset jack does not work consistently.
3. No LED indication for anything, Charging, Missed Call, Messages etc.
4. Camera quality is just "ok" in artificial lighting
That's it for now. Lets see how it works when the apps are updated and bloats.
Note: I have attached an image taken on day light and night light.

Battery - 9 hours of full usage from 100 percent to 0 percent when brightness is on 50 percent ( gaming + webrowsing )
sound quality nd loudness - perfect for me.
camera - not as cool as it should be (keeping it mind that it has dual camera)
turbo charging - amazing ( keep in mind that as phone heats up turbo charging slows down automatically . I noticed 20 -25 percent increase in battery level in 15 mins, after that phone heats up so charging slows down .

Great product from Moto. Using it since 3 days now along with my earlier Moto G5 Plu, 32 GB. The dual 13MP rear camera is an excellent add-on at a relatively low price. Battery life is good too. A full charged battery with medium internet and low gaming usage lasts for as much as 40 hours.

After just 25 days of getting it, I sat on the floor one fine evening and got up by putting my mobile on the front shirt pocket. Unfortunately, it grounded down from just a height of around 25-30 cm and its gone, My screen shattered. Why the name "GORILLLLLA" and all the useless tests u make when the mobile cant tolerate such weak impulses.Really very disappointed. Haven't expected this. After this, I went to lenovo community and saw many people just like me shouting out there saying the same situation. For you Information, LENOVO & MOTO, My previous mobile MI NOTE 4G, has fallen down from even greater heights, from beds, from playing sports, etc and etc and I can tell you, there was never a single mark/ scratch or scar on it.
Just hate the designing team for producing such wrecking weak product. Never ever guys, who thinks that atleast once in an year, their mobile will hit/fall down even from a 10 -20 cm of height, please be advisable and don't go for it. It doesn't matter you put backcovers, screen guards, etc. ANd FYI, I had screen tampered glass covering my mobile , when this happened.

awesome product ever used ,,,earlier i was always using and also suggesting every one for samsung only...but latter on i changed my opinion as my younger brother suggested me about moto products,in fact in moto brand i am satisfied with the moto g5s+ the brand and model is outstanding... and readers i hope that you all will aso would like to give feedback after using the brand.. ***********and again i would say that in this price range you wont get so better product.

Not a perfect phone. Battery is draining too fast.
I bought it with lot of hopes, but it makes me drpressed again and again .Sorry Moto I don't expect it from you.

Iam writing this review after using this phone for about 2 weeks now , everything seems fine the images come out really well taken with its camera the only draw back is its battery and everything else is fine and you need to make sure to buy a case for this phone at the same of time buying this phone

Build and Design: Build quality is good. But one problem is the camera bump which is bigger than other smartphone and it's getting dirty easily.4.5 out of 5 star. An 18:9 ratio screen would have been better.
Battery: It's having a 3000 mah battery which is not that much sufficient for a 5.5 inch screen. You will get a screen on time around 3.5 to 4 hrs. And on normal usage it will last for 1 day. If you are a some sort of heavy user then you need to do a quick top up. Thanks to Motorola that it's support fast charging which takes 1 he 30 minutes to make it fully charge from 5 % . I will give 3.5/5 to battery.
Software: Still running on Android 7.1.1. already Android 8.0 is released for other brand phones but don't know why Motorola becoming slow day by day in giving updates.
3/5 star.
Camera: It can take good images in daylight condition. But it's really struggles in low light and artificial light. Video stability is good. But camera should have been better. Flash is not up to the mark. 3/5 star.

Pros:
1. Both camera are good.
2. Battery life good and normally lasts more than a day with mobile data active and normal uses.
3. Performance-Excellent as a normal user. No lag.
Cons:
1. Cast(ScreenSHaring) will not work directly with smart tvs. It will require chromecast. I have tried with newly purchased Sony Bravia KLV-32W672E smart tv but the cast is not supporting. Many other mobiles like HTC and MI are providing this feature.

With my experience with this phone after 1 month . This phone is amazing for it's price.
Pros:-
1) Awesome performance
2) Speaker output is great for mono speaker
3)headphone jack output is good !
4) Talking about the cellular quality , the cellular reception was good no problems with that.
5) Finger print is also great works every time.
6) Talking about the build quality, the build quality is superb for a 16k phone it feels like a premium mid-range phone!
7)The battery life on this phone is okay it lasts till evening at approx 5-6 o' clock but the good thing is that it has fast charging support and also comes with fast charger included in the box.
8) The rear facing camera performs really well , It also dual camera setup in which one sensor is for protrait shots/ Depth mode It works well . In outdoor lighting the rear facing camera performs really well also in low lighting it's good. Talking about the front facing camera it performs we'll both in outdoor and indoor lighting condition , It also has a front flash. It can record up to 4k with rear facing camera
Note :- It has a hybrid Sim slot in which u can either add 2 nano SIM or 1 nano SIM & 1 micro SD card. This may be pro or a con for u.
It has moto display but doesn't have any notification LED
Cons :-
1) It has all the sensors except magnetometer sensor don't know y they skipped it. Although GPS works f9
2) If u think that this phone will get monthly security updates then ur out of luck.
3) It has a camera hump, if u don't use a case then u may see scratches like my phone does.
So these r the pros and cons of this phone but at this price this phone it price to performance ratio phone.
My overall rating would be 4.5/5 and 9/10

Awesome ...phone ..if u use. This phone ...u just love it ...design wise ...it looks like iPhone apple phone ...camera quality is superb ..nd the internal device is u got ...approx 51 gb and ram 3.6 gb is used ..which is far better than any other phone in this range ...awesome phone ..take selfie or anything u just love it with this camera..little bit battery capacity is low..but most important thing is the turbo charger which charge the phone in just 1 hr.. completely ...

One of the best phone of Moto in this price range. Battery is good. Fast charging really makes a big difference. No lags. Camera is not that good if you compare with other phones in the same price group.

Writing review after 2 months of use . So far I have good experience with this phone ! No lag or not much heating issue. However it heats up a bit while charging which is as expected with fast charging! Memory management , finger print scanner​ , flash/ torch , front camara are good and satisfied with their functions!
However , couple of things it failed to meet my
( I guess all of our ) expectations :
1. Camera is decent not that great even with duel setup. Generally Moto cameras will be good. I compared the camera with Moto Z series cameras .. I would say even though Z series have single Canara ..still those are better. !
2. Depth mode is very bad.. feels like some software edited photo and also lags ! Not at all expected from Moto . Lenovo ruined it.
3. Speaker is average. But placement of speaker is not at all good. Most of the time it gets covered by hands which is very annoying!
4. It fails to provide regular Android security updates. When August security updates are already released still it has July updates.
Overall it is a good phone in this price segment. If you are a person who is not very fond of mobile camera .. then this is the best choice for you under 20k.

Within two days i started facing issue with touch.
Sometimes it works , sometime doesn't , specially top area. I tried two phone both have same issue with touch ,
Touch doesn't work on top area .
You won't be able to open your apps which are in first row.
Lenevo ruined Motorola.
Better go with other brand except lenevo and Motorola, now no longer best mobile brand.

Good Phone. Not great. Great Photos, not always. The subject needs to be super steady to get a good pic. Awesome portrait pics in good lighting. Good speakers, but below avg audio volume with headphones. Not so impressive battery if u are a heavy user.... Cool even with heavy games. . . .

It's so good product no heating issue no hanging issue so fast we can say just next to iPhone but the only thing is that camera is good only in daylight only it's not good at night so who wants to go to photo shoot at night I would suggest you to take your camera or good diffuesd light with you so that you can capture good pictures of your moments

It's a good phone I'm using it since last month . I found some minor bugs like it's flash stops working sometimes and we have to restart our phone to turn on flash .. some more issues but overall performance is good . I received a torned package with honey spreaded on the box (actually it was due to another package which was containing honey and the jar was cracked) That's the main issue ☹️☹️☹️☹️

I am using this phone since last two months. I overall phone quality is very good. Battery quality is good enough to stand for 24 hours after standard usage. I found the phone function smoothly during multitasking and heavy gaming experience. Camera quality isn't very satisfactory but not even below standard within same category. I found this phone worth purchasing within this price range.
Sudip Bhattacharyya
Kolkata

In a single word, it's a masterpiece.
Feels very premium...stunning look...great performance... awesome camera...perfect battery backup
One can't get better than this.... unmatchable smartphone under 15K.
You will get disappointed if run behind the popular names like Samsung, Nokia or oppo, vivo, redmi etc.
Just go for it...loved it.
Thanks Amazon for quick delivery prior to Durgpuja😙
Really Love this Phone after using it(23 Days)... Too Smooth... Good Battery Backup.
Budget Phone in this price range...
Just Fantastic Sound & Camera....
Thanks Moto by Lenovo & Amazon..
Any other company don't give u as such type of phone in this price range... Mind it.
Heartily said to u go for it for Daily use.... u will love this phone.

If you are going to purchase it for camera then you should not, there is a shutter speed lag of about 2sec and camera quality is also not that great. In depth mode it will take about 5-6 seconds to process the photo.
Pros:
1.Performance
2.Build quality
3.fast fingerprint scanner
Cons:
1. Camera is not that great
2. Dual camera seems to be gimmick
3. Camera app is sluggish
4. You can't remap on screen buttons

Amazing product by MOTO .. its been 4 months i am using the phone and still working smooth and fine.
Both camera quality is super fine. Battery is good for normal use, gets charge fast then other phones.
Only thing is Moto is missing the gallery for photos but can ignore it as google photo has all

Highly Recommended

For the first time when I purchased mobile they delivered me defect mobile I got replaced it with new handset however with some missing accessories.it is really big head ache.
when I want to activate insurance plan to new hand it is again big pain to call number of times to amazon or to one plus.
I will not use Amazon once.please use flipkart

Hi, I was satisfied with the product what I have received initially, just two weeks after the usage the charger what I have received with mobile is not working properly. It is taking hours to charge up to 50% of battery. It will be very helpful if you take this concern to the respective division and will be very helpful if you provide a new charger. Otherwise am happy with the delivery and support from Amazon.

Surprised to find that battery drains & switches off every day by around 5-6PM. I primarily use it for office mails and limited WhatsApp during the day. You need to carry battery backup or charger all the time. Pls note I am yet to install most of my regularly used apps which means it will drain faster. Tried exchanging/returning within 5 days but it doesn't work as Amazon doesn't allow you to return for Quality issues. It allows you to return only if its physically damaged or wrong device delivery. Tried calling couple of times but in vain as they suggest someone will visit to inspect the device but no one turned up. Its a strategy to drag and ensure return policy expires. Seriously doesn't recommend for working professionals.

Best phone at an affordable range. I choose this over Xiaomi Mi A1. I like the speed, the screen resolution, the sound quality(suprisingly) and my favourite the fingerprint sensor. It is very fast and almost recognises immediately. I like the fingerprint sensor in the front rather than in the back because when you are working and your phone is lying on the desk and you need to unlock it, you don't have to pick the phone. Just press the fingerprint sensor. That is super convenient. Moto actions are convenient. The camera is not that impressive considering it is 13+13 Mp. Talking about the battery, charging is very fast due to the turbo charger and the battery last fairly a day, but if you use you phone extinsevely for watching videos online or heavy gaming it will last upto maximum 14 hours. Hope this helps.

- You have very conscious whenever you are holding your phone without back cover. It is too smooth so it makes easy for slip.
- Batter will last for a day for sure.
- Processing speed an all is good.
- For Cast option it requires to purchase Chrome Cast device.
- It can be consider if you are a "moto" lover else can go for better option in this price range.

I have used both the g5 plus and the g5s plus
In first look
The g5s plus is just same as g5 plus apart from the build quality and the larger screen size
The performance is also the same
But these time there is bloatware included
And the colour for the moto display is fixed to blue and that was quite disappointing
The battery is capable for a day just like g5 plus
And the turbocharger sure helps a lot
The camera is not what i expected it needs improvments on both front and the rear .Images from the Front camera gets dark when its exposed to light which many other camera in price bracket does but it was absent on the g5 plus
And the low light capability is horrible .
While the rear camera is more sharper than g5 plus but it lacks the brightness of g5 plus and the rgb sensor only works the other one is only for depth measuring .
I believe that these issues could be solved by updates
Apart from the camera this I a solid product

Each smartphone have it's pros and cons. Please refer below pros and cons.
Pros:
<Pure Android experience with moto apps features.
<Universally unlocked by default
<Good display
<Call quality is good
<Battery long last per day with normal uses and having turbo charging facility.
<Performance and memory management is good.
Cons
<Default Video calling is missing but you can use 3rd party apps.
<While charging phone is getting hot.
<camera clarity and photo capture issue.
<infrared and compass sensor is not available but not found any issue while using map(gps) navigation while travelling.
<Still used micro USB instead of Type-c port.
<Dolbey atom is missing.
Overall as per price, I will recommend to buy this phone but as per your need.

All specs match up to the phone, it's amazingly fast and has good storage, battery. For 16k this is the best phone!
My only worry was that it has a metal body and would heat up, but it doesn't! Only while charging, little bit, but that's working as designed, coz you're not supposed to use it while it's charging.
Oh one more thing, the speaker is not that good... It's okayish, very less bass.

The product is not easy to configure and more heating issue. Also in portal it was mentioned NO cost EMI & 10% Cash back during booking with SBI Card. During booking it was showing successful converted EMI and no communication was sent from Amazon that No cost EMI will be not possible due to I have used payment mode with Amazon balance & Card. After receiving the card statement I came to know all payment need to be paid to bank without cost EMI, after approaching to Amazon team they are saying no cost EMI not possible. This way amazon started cheating to the customer

Am writing this after 3 days of usage,it's fantastic product in this price range. Little bit worried before placing order with some negative reviews but after purchase woooow believe me you will not disappoint. Look wise it's very elegant and decent metal body,both camera's also good,very user friendly with Android Nougat.Speed is also good as it's having sd625 2 GHz octo core processor.
GO FOR IT.

Today the devise suddenly got locked and started voice massage THIS DEVISE IS STOLEN OR LOST...... The message was too embarassing. Several efforts to stop this message did not work. Neither the phone was getting off. At last i had to insert earphone socket to silence the embarassing message snd rush to the Lenovo Authorised service center at kodungallore. They said they will try by reloading software. The devise is now with Authorised service centre Kodungallore.
Please check up with the dealer and confirm that it is a genuine mobile.

now I have been using this phone for a while and I really like this phone the RAM management is very good and the body in build quality is very good I would suggest people to go for this phone awesome phone great camera performance both front and back and the depth enable mode really does a nice job with its artificial Blur just need some improvement which can be fixed with the software update 👍

I have used it from last 2 months, no major issue is there. Moto g5s plus almost everything like a premium phone with our mid-range budget. Very happy and Amazon delivery also good. Hope Amazon & Moto g5s plus combination best & top of the year 2017.

I used moto g3 before moto g5s plus , it was far better.

Plz find the below issues which I faced in one week span.
> Touch is not working properly
> Wt's up getting hang very frequently
>If you try to delete multiple chat conversations at a time in wt's up.. it will get hang
> Live cricket match was not ran through hot star
>Getting acceleration decoding error, while navigating between apps continuously
>Video is not getting resume if we stop in between
>Dual camera is not up to the mark..I can say Moto g3 is far better with single camera
>JIO sim was not detected for days.. later worked
> Battery was also not up to the mark
I bought with lot of hopes on Moto.. finally ended up with wasting of money..:(

Perfect phone with superb specifications. Awesome delivery by Amazon . Ordered on 21st and got on next day. Attractive sale price . Must buy. Superb phone with awesome Amazon service and also unbeatable price. 3000/ lower than Flipkart.

I was so crazy for this mobile, I am using this phone from last 3 days, Phone is ok, but there is some problem,
1. Battery is not charging when mobile is switched on, it's take 15 to 20 mint from 10% to 11% but after switched off, it is charging properly and fast, BTW it's not turbo charging.
2. Earphone sound is not good, It has ok sound.
3. Little heavy handset.

>Getting networking issues again n again.. network connections has been disabled automatically, it is not rectifying after restarting the phone also, i couldn't able to make a call in emergency time and am getting struggled on the time totally disappointed.
>VOLTE is not available. Network speed is very low for Both WiFi and Mobile data, Providing like 3g Speed
> Camera performance is average not worth for 15000rs.
>Battery backup is average.
>Turbo charging performance is average
>headset pointer its not suitable for all the headphones, Please check and buy
>while listening music or watching videos, if i lock the screen also the sound will come out

looking to good, battery backup is awesome, front camera is awesome and rear camera also, memory is too. good 64 gb it is enough, major problem is that when we use dual sim mode mode i escape my external memory card, and when we use memory card we confermise my 2 sim because at a single time i can access only 1 sim and 1 memory card at a time it to major problem but mobile is too. good

Mobile is awesome. It took 10 days to deliver by Amazon, but it was stated, so no issues.
Mobile looks flawless, awesome screen.
It's back camera feels odd. It is coming out of body, and doesnt look good.
Otherwise, mobile is good to have.

I have purchased this phone in Dhanteras. As if now phone is performing outstanding without any lag everything is perfect and Fine ....Or I need to say is excellent whether is it camera or surfing speed, call quality or data traffic. One thing I like most is the display...I love it. There's also a drawback or one feature missing for music lovers as there is no dedicated music player installed by Moto. You need to install Jet audio music player and Mx video player. Both are supporting app and gud in its class....Also it's free version works well....That's all my experience till date with this device....One thing I forgot ....Battery backup is very good lasts up to 1 and half day on any type of use...As I am not a fond of heavy gamer......!

Honest Review
Overall build of the phone is Good. There is no lag. Some may encounter issue with 4g Volte support in sim 1 but its already fixed by Moto blog.
Camera isn't​that good but we all know software updates will fix that soon. Phone heats up during charge but it cools down rapidly so its just because of Turbo Charger that it heats up.
music, video quality is above Average. Again, a few software patches can fix this just like Lenovo did for their K series.
phone is slippery so do purchase a good cover. Overall this moto g5 s plus is a budget phone and has all good features.
A few software updates will make it awesome.

Phone is pretty good... Camera is awesome one... Small disappoint in shutter lag... No hanging while playing games... No heating problem... But heating slightly while charging, its common in all android phones... Its charges very fastly.. worth for money... But i disappointed with the new software update its stopped lots of application.... Anyway phone s jus awesome... Go for it....

I got this mobile yesterday, I am very much satisfied with the features it has for the price I paid. Paid from Amazon pay and got 500 RS cashback too. Feels nice to have this in hand. Light weight. Pic quality is very good in both front and rear camera But that depth effect is fake. It does not produce the booke effect. Apart from this This phone is a masterpiece. Probably the best phone in this price segment.

Excellent product in the 16K price range product! Don't go for any other Chinese brands, MOTO has it's own incomparable benefits. Highly recommended! Undoubtedly, the phone's battery drains faster and it hardly survives a day while fully operational. However, this doesn't mean the phone isn't worthy, it is... if your budget is upto 20K, go for this phone............

Dual camera is just for the sake of adding feature.Lenovo has not worked on it properly. After 10 days of buying Moto g5s plus dust started depositing in one side of camera and completely gets full of dust. Not at all satisfied with such things happening with such a reputed brand. They should launch the product after full testing. Lenovo don't run into race concentrate on quality.

I bought a new Moto G5s plus from amazon in the month of November, it was working fine for one month but all of a sudden its battery was behaving abnormally weird, during charging my device rather than increasing, it is decreasing. The three stars r only for performance and camera but batteries provided in "moto g5s plus are faulty".

Well I have been using it for the last few days and I am having a great experience with this product
The camera is good the performance is great.
The turbo charger is the best part but it gets a bit heated up while charging
So far the best phone in its range

As Expected the delivered Product was well packed and the Product was perfectle delivered before the expected date.. But the thing is.. it is money for value phone.. But the purpose of dual camera.. is nthng.. portraits or very bad.. I couldnt even click one perfect portrait though.. Front Cam was good as like G5plus.. nthng new.fingerprint was good.. Sound was Ok..

Great build quality
Fast charging
Awesome camera front and back with flash at front and back
Loud and clear speaker
Premium look
Super fast processor
Great battery life
It's a complete package with the durability of moto...
Just Wow

This is a very good product from motorola!
Face recognition and fingerprint sensor are very much fast. Processor speed with 4GB RAM is good.
Rear camera 13 MP Dual & Selfie 8 MP Front Camera is awesome.
Overall best buy.

Camera is the main feacher of the phone...But for me it is the weakest part....let me explain...
Due to camera position means the bump it is high chance to get damaged...also when you are trying take picture in depth mode it is taking almost 5 secs....
Also battery should be a little more at least...
If you can accept this 3 points then rest is excellent...should have 4 stars....

Great experience with moto
Pros.:-
1) Smooth stock android experience
2)Good battery backup
3) excellent display
4)fast charging
5)Rear camera works fine
6) fastprocesser
7) Android ver 7.1 👍
Con:-
1)from camera lag in low light condition
2)depth mode needs update
3)earpiece sound not up to the mark

Fast FingerPrint Senson, Excellent Battery Life and Mutli tasking Performane. But The Camera is not Upto the mark. Depth Enables mode takes quite a long time to process image and most of the time there is focus issue on it. Indoor Lighting camera performance is also just around average. G5 plus camera is infact much better in terms of capturing more light in the picture due to lesser pixel size.

Excellent experience with Moto yet again. Built quality, display, fastest finger print sensor, near to stock experience, good battery, no heating problem except when charging, good for gaming.every thing is fine . Would have been 5stars if some bugs in camera app. Camara is taking good photos but with 1second delay. And photos Turing little darker after talking the shots.

Using Moto G5s Plus for 3 weeks.
Pros : Very Good build quality.
Camera is very good, front as well as back.
Latest Android version 7.1.1 Nougat smooth experience.
Sleek and sturdy phone with premium looks.

BEST IN CLASS (WORTH IT)
Some imp points to be noted: ( FOR PEOPLE USING THE DEVICE NOT FOR FLAUNTING BUT TO PUT EVERY BIT OF TECHNOLOGY TO USE)
1.Heats during charging but also cools fast.
2.dual camera ( 2nd monochrome camera is not accessible separately.
3.Dual camera system good..but sometimes it fails (very few times negligible)
4.Noise cancellation (camera picture noise cancellation is too strong it removes the details)not alarming but can be problematic for people buying only for camera purposes
5.NO MAGNETOMETER (magnetic compass) only a hint to navigators rangers etc (who go all terrain voyages)

I have brought this product on November 2017. Till the time i haven't faced any problem.
But only bad thing about moto, you all know that headphone provided by them are very very bad. So only this reason i have given 4 star. Otherwise phone quality, performance, camera, battery life are best enough in this price. Thank You Moto.

Nice phone.
Pros-
1. Better built
2. Fast fingerprint reader with multiple functions
3.turbo charging
Cons-
1 no usb type c charging
2. No infrared sensor like mi A1
3. Not android one device
4. No amplifier jack like mi a1
Thanks
Overall the phone is good and can serve the cost it is presented at. Thanks

Moto G5 S+ is a great phone in this price bracket and does well above other players in the same range.
I am a iPhone X user and bought it for someone who wanted around 15k rupees.I am constantly reviewing the product and I have got the satisfaction with my purchase.
Definitely would recommend this product in this price bracket.

Bought this phone a few weeks ago. Barring a few problems the phone is working fine. Camera is good ( both rear and front). Battery life is not too good but has enough juice to last a full day if not used too much for gaming or watching videos.
Sometimes a few apps crash and that is an area of concern ( hope it can be rectified by an software update ).
Overall an average phone.

The phone is awesome. Camera is good for me. I am not a selfie lover but satisfied with the both back n front camera. Performance is also good. Turbo charger is really appreciated. Get device fully charged in 45 minutes.
The only negative factor is it's vibration. The vibration is too light that you will never feel it while on bike or even at jogging.

Colour: Lunar Grey|Verified Purchase
I'm writing this review after 1 month usage.its interface,built quality is much much better than Mi A1. Moto Lenovo combination adds turbo charging when compared to A1,that's really impressive.
So, guys don wanna wait anymore. Just go ahead,it's the right premium budget phone.click add to cart button👍

 am liking this mobile from past 10 days. images, performance and screen are good. replacing screen buttons with finger print feature is very nice. yet to try many others. depth enabling is working good in outdoor only. no heat at all and UI is cool. charging super fast and for me it lasts upto two days with average phone calls and mobile/wifi data.

 Using from 15 days...when we use one sim network is fine but when i use 2 sims... network fluctuate too much between 4G and 3G.
Its very irritating.

Ok I am writing my review after using this phone for almost 50 days.
No separate folders for camera photos and for songs. Radio also not get the signal or not accepting the Indian stations.
Heat issue is there: I was using a phone has mediatek processor and it has the heating issue so I decided to buy snapdragon but the issue remains the same.
Camera: inspite of having the dual camera performance is less than the average.
Hang issue is also there and not that much fast what I was expecting in snapdragon processor.
The back side camera is too much out from the surface so I need to take precautions while keeping down.

Amazon packing and delivery was exceptional,
Beeing fan of Motorola I like this phone and features very much.
Pros:
1. Very good phone in this range, phone clarity and features are very good.
Cons:
1. Battery is getting drained out very fast, not getting even complete day., this is the only problem till now I'm facing from past 3 days of usage.

I am using this phones continue 15 day's and i loving it so far.
The MotoG5S Plus have all-metal body with a nice finish now feels quite premium.It is embedded by a fingerprint sensor and features a splash proof body but depth mode shoot is quickly slow capture picture hope moto solve this problem fix bugs and updated.
Camera was great work in color production in outdoor situations . display was great in outdoor condition . brighter display full hd no any issue on day light.the battery side of good battery backup,Countinue use 1day easily .
Great phone of this price segment.

great phone with good specs at good price !!
Pros:
1. camera is best for landscape and everyday photography !!
2. battery backup is great ! can be used for whole day without any charging !
3. adequate Storage
4. Speaker works flawless !
5. Display and screen is marvellous !
6. fingerprint sensor is best
7. moto actions are really useful at a time
cons:
Heating issue during charging and while using the camera for more than 20 minutes
depth mode is a bit difficult to use !

After using for 3 weeks here is my take on the phone .
- It does all the basics perfectly, Battery life is quite impressive.
- Love the Moto mods such as ambient display of notifications etc,they work flawlessly.
- Bugs in Bluetooth software is causing battery drain ( hopefully it will get fixed in next update)
- NFC works, however is not as fast as you would expect.
- Dual camera implementation could be better than current.

Here is my review after 10 days uses
This phone is bestest phone I was ever looking for . From every side like camera , battery , performance and everything . Before buying this I was Soo confused between Moto G5S plus & MiAi but this phone made me realize that I was Soo right.
Don't think guys just go for this phone

Lovely phone at this price I got it very soon by Amazon in 3-4 days and the packing was also good by Amazon loved the phone and very good cameras even the battery backup and interface of phone is also good worth buying 😊

I have been using this mobile for 2 months. But i am not satisfied with the over all performance.
The USP camera is average the professional mode is good for nothing.
Sime times while switching b/w d apps it gives black screen as if got hanged.. but manages to come out.
Plz check other options before buying it.

Good phone in the price range. After using for about a month , I'm satisfied. But I i just can't understand why there is no notification light. It's important. Why Motorola skipped that. And why there is no notification when headset is inserted. This little things are important. And the depth mode of the camera is not that good and the photos look artificial in the depth mode

Highly satisfied with the product. Excellent camera. Equalant to a basic DSLR cam effect. For people who seek basic functionality & good camera, this is the one. Gaming speed & multi function is awesome. Worth for every penny paid

I recieved Moto g5splus on 26jan 2018 my reviews till now
1. Quality of rear camera very GD 5/5
2. Quality of frontvcamera with flash for selfie in night not GD 3/5
3. I installed asphalt extreme 1.13 gb no hanging issue .
4. Battery charged from 10% to 90 % in 40-45 min 5/5
5. Poor quality of headphone 2/5

It's been almost a month since I purchased this phone. The features are awesome . Love the blue light reduction at night. The software is much upgraded fast and responsive. With 64 gb forget about memory storage issues. The camera is ok , nothing extraordinary but good enough for your normal clicks. The sound output through blue tooth is awesome much better than other Moto phones. The metallic body and phones slim deaign is fantastic. in the price range it's a great phone to own.

Using this mobile since a week, nd I feel it's worth every ruppee spent😉. The phone feels premium in hand nd performs well without any major issues. Haven't faced any heating except a lil warmth while charging, which is normal for a metal build phone. Camera lag is a pain for quick shoots, other wise a good package😃

doesn't have a compass. you will face problems with maps while walking. some other problems like a little lag. the torch not turning on sometimes after double karate chop and some issues like that exist in this phone. expected a lot more, but got let down by this. this review is written after sufficient use (2 weeks)and dissatisfaction with the mobile.

Great phone with powerful camera. Works pretty well,need some software updates for camera for some minor issues. But overall great phone and value for money

I am using this mobile since last 3 months. If you filled battery full, it will alive entire day. Very good speed of changing.

Amazon Delivery was poor, but the phone is okay.
Camera is average compared to other dual camera phones. Its good in day light, but not anything outstanding. I am satisfied with the performance.
Compared to Moto's other phones in this range, this one has good looks too, so if you are planning to buy a good reliable phone in this range, and is not a photography maniac, you can definitely go for this one. Battery backup is more than 24 hours for normal use.

This is a best product by Lenovo Motorola. I used this mobile almost one month and feeling good for usage. Metal unibody design makes the feel like premium phone. It is a excellent product in under Rs.20,000/- segment. I like the camera features and clarity. There are lot more features in this phone. Worth for money.

Bought It For My Brother As A birthday gift. It Is A Good Phone with high end specs. Its Dual Camera Is amazing. Battery Life IS Too Good And screen Quality is way better then other phones

Have celhecked the exchange value for this phone it is valued lower than G5 even though it is next gen phone after G5. Supperb work amazon.

*PROS*
➡️Good processor
➡️Good design
➡️Plenty of storage space.
➡️Audio-video quality is good.
*CONS*
➡️Poor camera quality.
Dual camera is a waste.
G3 shoots better pictures.
➡️Turbocharging is good but 15mins of charging cannot give you 6hrs of battery life.Should've come with a better battery.

Everything about this phone is absolutely brilliant. Worth every penny!! Worth it's price. But I just have two issues. If only Motorola could correct them.
1. The apps crash randomly sometimes. Hopefully there's a stabilisation update soon.
2. My WhatsApp profile photo doesn't have a "remove this photo" option. I've tried googling it. But to no avail. So I just change privacy to "nobody" for now. But would love a solution to that.
All in all get the phone if you're indecisive!! I switched from Apple to Android and wasn't disappointed. HOPE THIS HELPS.

Worth of money bt the front camera is not that much good back is doing decent job if u don't want to spend too much money on dual camera mob than it's a better option .

Good :- Bought it for 10k after exchanging Samsung galaxy s5.
Great UI
Totally worth the price paid
Turbo charge works like a charm
Bad:- Sometimes it feels too big specially along with back cover

A great phone by Moto......the best currently in this price range
Camera,Gaming,Display etc are perfectly good for normal to heavy use.
Only con is the battery which is a little less but turbo charging compensates for it.
Overall it is the best buy currently....GO FOR IT

Just in love with this phone. Would have given 5 stars .. but recently my screen got a crack right from the middle of the front cam just by falling from 1.5 to 2 ft height... Didn't expect this from Moto.. I absolutely love my previous Moto G2, that was soo tough and cam was awesome. But this has slight shutter lag and a weaker screen

It's been a month got this Moto g5s plus. Excellent mobile..good battery backup.. ease of use..
This power off button located in the middle compared to earlier versions where it used to be at the top is little annoying.. not comfortable to hold the mobile in hand.. gets switched off due to long press unexpectedly

1)No multi color notification light
2)No Gyroscope
3)Charger cable very short
4) No dedicated Music player, need googles player
5)Setting menu not good
6)Battery goes 2 day for standby ,if full use is their it loss in 1.5 days
7)Moto has given only free Google apps & basis Apps like Alaram & calculator in it .Very worst.
8)NFC is useless in india for wireless payment in india .it has no use .
9)When i play music using Google music & press back button it instantly stops music , it should play in background.

Great phone!
Battery lasts for the whole day on internet usage (4g) and music. Other specs are similar to reviews posted by other users.
Suggestion: Thumbs up if you are also waiting for a black (Matt/ glossy) phone with the Moto logo lit with white LED when you attend calls/ get notifications.

One star less for the disappointing camera.Dual camera doesn't work much good even in proper lighting. Depth effect and single camera also not great in comparison to other phone(Redmi A1)
If dual camera is your main factor to buy this, please avoid this one

Best mobile under 16000... 4gb ram with 64 GB
Mobile interface and screen is good. Turbo charger gives your 🔋 battery 100% in just 20-30mins which works up to 8hr
Camera wise rear dual camera is best for photography .. While front camera lags with clarity. In daylight front camera gives good pic but in night although it has selfie flash it can't give you that much of satisfaction for selfies.
You can do multitasking in 2 windows..
Giving rating 4 only for its front camera. Overall moto g5s plus os best buy under 16000/-

All the features and specs are real and good. The camera is very good. Can't get better in this price range. All you need is in this phone.
Cons
. Just that the speaker placing is bad. If the mobile is in your pant pocket, you can't hear it ringing. I had moto g2nd gen earlier and I never had such issue.

It's is NYC product but camera having lag during night mode click and depth enabled mode in future I hope Moto sort out that issue fix camera bugs.

Excellent.....
battery backup not up to the expectation... good quality camera..
Front camera not up to the mark.. super build quality.... turbo charging is very promising..

G5splus is the king in the price range between 10 to 15k it has all the major features that a device need which is given as follows.
64 gb internal
Snapdragon 625
Brilliant front facing camera
No lag
Elegant design
Corning gorilla glass 3
Loud sound.

Specifications are good. Motorola gestures n display app is very useful. Very user friendly mobile phone. Primary Camera and front camera in lighted conditions are excellent. But in low-light conditions we get a bit grainy pics. The depth mode looks like a prototype with no well-defined pictures but still is worth for this range. Sound system through earphones could have been improved. Android Oreo update has not yet been released for G5splus. If you are a Motorola fan u can go for this mobile than China made phones.

Purchase karte samaye miA1 aur moto g5s plus me confused tha ki kaun sa lu . Finally g5s plus liya.camera starting me 13 mp jaisa nai laga par phone update karne ke baad camera se related sari problem solve ho gaya. battery life acchi h .Gorilla glass quality acchi h screen gaurd nai lagana pada.phn ki speed acchi h hanging problem nai h.iska back look bahot acchi h . Specially iska gold version bahot accha h .mai phn ke performance se bahot khus hu . Iska fast charging bahot accha h 1 hour me lagbhag battery full ho jati h

Thanks to Amazon for making it possible for Rs14k/- It doesn't lags and processor is fast. You can do multitasking. Play asphalt 8. You can hide navigation buttons and completely work through fingerprint sensor. Camera quality is good.
~
Just expected notification led and little bit high battery.

Yesterday I received my moto g5s plus.
The packaging was good.
The mobile is awesome...
Continue using net from last 20 hrs n battery is 10% from 75%...
Front camera is not upto the mark.
Rear camera is all good working...
My suggestion one must buy this, fully loaded at low cost.

When you are spending 16 K on a phone, you expect a good battery life at least in the beginning.
The battery doesn't last even for 12 hours if you are using mobile data, it has got heating issues while charging, when you are watching videos on Youtube for long time.
Apart from that phone is good.

Bad phone..
Charging specifications are not correct.its not turbo..my old redmi 3s which is having more battery 4100mAh than this also takes 1 and hour to charge and this turbo also taking 1 and half hour to charge completely..
Front flash not working.. lately recognized...now return time also completed

Sharing the review after using a day
Amazing phone in this price range far better than MI
Camera quality is awesome
The best part is Turbo Charging... Charges the battery in minutes
Gets slightly heated while charging but thts not an issue
Love this product
On tip of that Same Day Delivery was awesome in just 150 bucks

Not happy with the handset , Screen touch problem found and same has been went for replacement. However replacement option of amazon is also so pathetic and responses from different representative are very different all are committing differently and indeed it's feels to be fooled by amazon.

Motorola's Phone experience was bad. Sell only on Amazon we can't do anything after purchase. My experience was totally bad for this phone. Only attractive part for selling a phone dual camera which was delivered bad performance and phone is totally use less. Due to lagging problem and performance we can't do multiple task on this phone

inspite of numerous attempts to get this to work on Jio -it did not! even with Jio's service center personnel efforts, even for Airtel the data works at such a slow speed that it feels like 2G - maybe this particular piece has some issue otherwise from the specs the phone should be blazing fast. Either the phone has some software glitch or needs some patch to work - not sure who is the best person to help as Amazon shut doors on the day of return window closing citing you are 20 mins late. not satisfied with the device at all.

Its a good mobile from Motorola.
Loud speakers.
Premium look.
Camera is little bit slow while capturing shots with depth enable mode.
Good Battery backup.
Smooth performance.
Overall i like this mobile just go for it if you intrested to buy this mobile

I think it is the best phone in this range and after I got the phone . I am right about it
It has very good camera quality . Good sensing quality. Good look. Excellent processing power.and the most important is the storage.
I bought 64 gb variety and I am very satisfied with this phone.
But there are also some thing not good but you can manage. I am talking about the bugs and it is not resolved but company claimed that there is no bug problem in this version.
So, thats it

Don't go for this mobile. Not at all receiving the signal and call quality is very bad. Being a 4gb ram, hanging frequently and low battery. Because of signal problem, battery is draining dramatically. Wast of money only

Shocked to find software problem just out of the box! Be careful of updating! I tried to- and all sorts of error messages came up. After a lot of sweat, set the mobile back to factory mode. I have lost the thrill of having a new cellphone.

Product is great.Like all Motorola devices.
Except that I got damaged Charging cable,
The cable wasn't supporting turbo charging.
So I was worried if the charger/Device is damaged.
But after I plug into charge with another cable it was working fine. So it's just a damaged cable, not a big deal....

Very good phone and very impressed with the features.......bought two phones Moto G5s Plus and Lenovo k8 but Moto G5s Plus is the best there are some pros and cons but i will support Moto exclusive experience

As the brand so the quality, an excellent Camera phone at 16K budget... Absolutely perfect for beginners in Mobile photography. While there is one issue that it's battery drains depending on ur usage, the longer the mobile or WiFi data usage, the faster the drainage which is seen in most smartphones today....

Amazing phone all the features what I need is there in this product . I recommended all the person whomsover ask me which phone is best and long lasting I always tell them to take Moto phones because they are best and durable also

It's a great phone for the price. Purchased it for my father. For his usage, it is fast, no lagging, great battery backup, and not to forget, gets the updated android.
Camera is great on the price you pay. Compared to the competition on this price segment, it has the best camera. Love the Depth focus feature.

The product is just awesome. The phone doesn't lag at all. You can throw any to it and it will perform without any issues. While charging time it does warm up a bit due the fast charger which is obvious. The camera is too good and they are providing continuous updates to make it more better. Value for money. Just loved it.
review image

The phone looks and feels premium in my hands. The build quality is great. This is my first time using stock Android so I'm getting used to it. I feel like a few features that were possible on my cynogen phone were much cooler. But that's okay. What I love the most about this phone is 1 button nav Option. It's one of the Moto actions. And it's beautiful!! The camera is also pretty good for the price point. The depth enabled photos aren't as good as I thought they would be, but still quite good!! Over all a great buy.

Good built quality diaplay is great, but Moto has to improve more in software updates. It seems to be slow in getting Android updates & offline maps(GPS) does work just because this phone does not have e-compass in it. Rest all is fine nothing much say about.

I'm loving it.
The metal frame gives a premium feel in hand. I was a bit afraid about it's camera quality but it's good, it's really good. Got the device today itself. Headphone output is also good, in hand use is very very good. Moto actions as always comes in hand. Just go for it. Just after buying the device, go to Play Store and search "MOTO" and update all installed Moto apps through it to get better out of Moto and it's Dual Camera Setup. It really improved the device.

excellent phone in this range, i like this phone, camera is very good, battery is very good, display color is very good, touch is very good, performance and speed is very good, build quality is good, turbo charger is so good work for my phone charging and I'm feeling this phone is excellent.......... i love this phone
The mobile heats up when plugged to 'TurboCharger'. Considering that it takes less than one hour to charge completely, the heat issue can be a minor issue.
The fingerprint sensor is good. Both front and rear cameras are good, actually more than what I expected. Battery lasts for more than a day.
The phone is slippery without a back cover.
Overall a very good phone at that price range.

Good phone. Recommend strongly. Only issue is getting used to knowing about different navigation & finding folders. I was used to samsung from many years. Will get over this trivial difficulries as you go by.
BUY IT. its smooth like butter and fast as the blink of an eye.
For me its a 10 star rating.

I ordered this mobile but it had network issue and WhatsApp was not running properly after 2-3 times installation. Then I replaced it . Again defective mobile was delivered. Turbo charging was not working. Finally Amazon proceed for refund. Amazon service is good.

Product is good. And working amazing. But there is one issue in this phone which I found after sometime that this phone don't support screen cast. And for this you have to purchase some software or plugin from Google. This is what Motorola customer care told me. They wouldn't help you in this.

Product is good. And working amazing. But there is one issue in this phone which I found after sometime that this phone don't support screen cast. And for this you have to purchase some software or plugin from Google. This is what Motorola customer care told me. They wouldn't help you in this.

I'm using this phone From 2 months and i can say that all in all it's an amazing phone to buy. The only problem i faced is that Snapchat keeps on lagging in it and low light photos aren't so good. But apart from that it's a great gadget to buy. Battery life is very good and it's turbo charger charges it very fast, impressed with the sound quality of the speaker, great graphics and display colours, superb front and rear camera, doesn't hangs. Worth of the money!

For some reason it does not seem to detect VOLTE settings if anybody can help me with that it would be great.
Thanks

I bought it on 9th September 2017, It was great at first,but I'm facing battery issues from last 15 days after 4.5 months uses. When Turbo charger charges for 95 to 100 % after just 5 to 10 minutes it goes down to 60 to 70% automatically without touching it. After 60 % it works normal.
Most annoying thing is Customer Care is not responding to this problem. I'm trying to call them and they are just saying "we are unable to find your product".

My phone shut down all of a sudden without any fall's I went to the service station and people in service centre refused to attend the phone and asked me to report to Amazon instead. The quality of phone is a question mark and the response I got from Lenovo was equally bad.

1 camera not good as compared to G4S plus.
2 nice photos
3 super fast operation
4 high end games support is good
5 🔋 back up good
6 super smart worth for money..
7 Moto rocks 😍😘😘✌️

Phone is good. But I got the defected piece as in the screen there were marks and shadows occuring in the very first month of purchasing which were very irritating .We also communicated with customer care centre ,dropped mail of the screenshots but the response was not good and satisfying. Till now display has been changed 2 times by service centre as it's under warranty and donno until when the phone will work.We also raised for phone replacement but nothing worked out..

Thanks to Amazon for its awesome before time delivery. The product super cool. The new moto comes with complete loaded features which hard to find in this segment. This is surely value for money or more than that. The battery backup, display and the processor is very good compared to any other brands.

Like this phone
I think it lacks the full display feature that other phones offer in this price range but otherwise it is quite a superior phone especially the 4GB RAM and 64 GB storage and also expandable memory upto 256GB.

I think company should work on battery backup of the phone as it drains out much quicker then expected and secondly the depth mode isn't as good as expected which can be removed in the further updates over performance is good I'll rate 3 coz of charging, battery draining and depth not working as expected

Best ruling phone within this budget, feels light and premium. Interface is smooth. Barest minimum heating only when little charging. Sound quality is awesome. A great deal phone in this budget if you want to feel stock Android ! Just go for it !!!

Awesome product ,nice packing thank you amazon ,this is my third phone which i have purchased from you .
Phone review - awesome phone nice sound ,video quality , feather touch is awesome ,overall satisfied with the product

Liked a lot
Uni metal body design looks cool
Feels premium while holding in hand
Since it have is having a silver chrome lining over the sides...it may get peeled off..
This was one of the problem that I found
But within the price range...it is a nice product

Worst ever phone from Moto. I previously have moto x play which is still 100 times better than this phone. It has dual camera but its the worst 13mp camera I have ever seen. Dont go for it if u are interested just for the camera as it is not even okay okay type.

After using for three days Iam posting this review first of all thanks to Amazon for making the delivery quickly after some difficult issues let me come to the review
The Redmi y1 is good in performance
camera:- camera is good during day time both rear and front facing camera HDR pics are looking so good with nice background selfie is looking good but it's blur condition rear camera in low light conditions making an average photo shot.
battery:-coming to battery though it's not an fast charging but it's charges fastly when compare to other phones when we use first 20 % of charge drys down quickly later it maintains well battery can stand upto 8 to 12 hrs if you are using internet without internet battery stand for one day
Ram:- coming to ram its so annoying because 3 GB ram it gives only 1.8 GB ram for us to use Redmi Xiaomi as to take more look on ram because every phone are taking more ram
Performance:- Redmi performance is good you can use more than 5 apps at a time after that it's making freeze dual apps is one of the plus point in Redmi
Games:- when we play games little bit heat only you can play high games like asphalt 8 in this phone easily without freeze
Cons:- during night time selfie is not good in flash too because it's blur and the pic will look separate.
Over all it's an worth mobile for buyers who are an average user if you are an heavy user this mobile will not be suitable for you if you are an selfie lower don't take this mobile it is totally upside down better go for other mobile like Redmi note 4 or Moto g5 plus
Note:-
The photo which shows window is an selfie which is taken by selfie stick

Quite descent phone with good camera and performance. People looking for mobile under 10 k can opt for this mobile. But there are few cons which I find in my mobile is "Low voice In calling". I bought the mobile on 09 Nov 17' .But very next-day i started facing the issues with MIC.And later understood its a perineal issue with Xiaomi phones MIC which I don't know earlier.All test apps says no issues with hardware and software .But iam facing the issue still.I need to speak very louder while calling. https://www.google.co.in/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=http://en.miui.com/thread-208294-1-1.html&ved=0ahUKEwiG_sWElsHXAhVKwI8KHeszB8EQFgh7MA4&usg=AOvVaw2HNOwFRt4DylTntZgwMS0Z

Best thing about Y1 is the camera, Specially front facing camera. So Redmi Y1 is great for girls coz they love taking selfies. Back camera is also good and with this review I'm also sharing some sample photos of Y1.
Gaming performance is also good in Y1. I don't find any major issues while playing games like Asphalt 8, Modern Combat 5, Rules of Survival and World War Heroes. Most of the games i played in max settings. In Asphalt 8 few times i notice some lags in animations but overall gaming performance is flawless in Y1. Gaming experience is also great in Y1 coz Y1 have 5.5 inch display. So you will get better experience c/w smaller devices like Redmi 4.
Phone is lightweight and i think in-hand feel is better c/w Redmi note 4. The only problem i have with Y1 is that battery backup is not that great c/w other Xiaomi phones. Its takes approx 2h to fully charge this phone and after that I'm getting under 4h of SOT in moderate to heavy uses and approx 5h in normal uses.

A selfie centric phone with good hardware and price. I ordered this for my sister but I used it for 1 week😁 so I am writing my experience below with some pros & Cons.
It comes with Android N and MIUI 9 and this is really good.
Design-
Talking about the design it has a premium metallic look but actually made up of plastic. It really looks cool and it is very slim.2.5D curved display gives a good look.It gives u accurate colours and images projected are sharp and clear and clearly visible in Outdoor Sunlight.
Cameras-
16 MP front selfie shooter allows you to take Great selfie with beautification and many filters. Oppo and Vivo charges more than 15k for this type of selfies. But the rear Camera is very bad. It is not that good there are noise in pictures.
Performance- With Snapdragon 435 You can't expect much but it really works smoothly with daily uses without any lags. This is not for heavy uses and extreme high end games. Yeah games like Asphalt 8 works well but it gives heat after few minutes. It is a good device for normal users and a better choice for selfie lovers because build quality is good and You can do multitasking smoothly.

My Experience- I like this device in this price. I have a good experience with it with normal usages. It didn't lag. Battery life is ok. And it made me happy with dedicated slot for SD card because everyone is want to use Double Sim and 32 gb memory is not enough. It comes with lots of unnecessary apps so I uninstalled some 😀. Fingerprint sensor is also working well.
Let's Talk about Some Pros & Cons___
Pros-
-Selfie Camera in a Budget phone( I am giving you a Sample)
- Vibrant Display
- MIUI 9
-Multitasking
-Slim and premium design
-Good performer in day today life
-IR blaster
-Dedicated Slot for SD card_
Cons- There no major cons
-Rear camera is not that good
-plastic body
-pictures are not good in low light
Still a better choice under 9k in 2018. Go for only 3gb variant And if u have money for 4GB varient there are better choice in market.
Hope this review is helpful for You to buy this phone.
.... Thank You n keep smiling 😊

Redmi Y1 purchased by Amazon, Amazon service very nice, I have received Redmi Y1 product by Amazon on right time delivery date.
Redmi Y1 is nice product. I have used it.

I am explain about Redmi Y1 Pros & Cons.
Pros - Build quality is good. The device feels good while holding and the 2.5D glass on front looks great.
- Front camera has a 16MP resolution and can take some nice selfie shots.
- There is a dedicated MicroSD slot to expand storage by up to 256GB.
- Gaming had no noticeable lags even with high end games.
- A large 5.5 inches HD display
- Corning Gorilla Glass protection for the display.
- IR Blaster and FM Radio are supported.
Cons - Display resolution is only 720p.
- Mi give front camera with soft light (not flash)
- Average low-light camera performance.
- The screen resolution is only 720p(HD).
- Battery capacity is downgraded to 3080 mAh.

This is really cool phone with awesome features within this budget it's run smoothly and fast with awesome selfi and awesome camera it's ram 3gb and rom 32 GB camera front 16mp with selfi light and back camera 13 mp this is really good mobile,
Iike it so much

I have redmi note 3 and red mi Y1 mobiles. I want to use facility of figure tip for unlocking certain applications only without putting any lock to my mobiles screen or mobile. For example; Gallery which has personal photographs I would like to put lock and would like to open with my registered figure tip and at same time I don’t want to put any lock to my mobile screen. Hence my mobile screen has no lock but gallery has lock which I can only open using my figure tip scan. However above was possible in older version of MIUI which got vanished from update versions. Now in MIUI 9 .1.1.0(NDKMIEI) when I register my figure tip automatically screen lock gets activated. And when I deactivate screen lock registered figure tip gets deleted. Pls relook in your older programs in MIUI 8 above option of locking certain apps and programs with option of opening using figure tip scan without locking main screen of mobile was possible.

After using for three days Iam posting this review first of all thanks to Amazon for making the delivery quickly after some difficult issues let me come to the review
The Redmi y1 is good in performance
camera:- camera is good during day time both rear and front facing camera HDR pics are looking so good with nice background selfie is looking good but it's blur condition rear camera in low light conditions making an average photo shot.
battery:-coming to battery though it's not an fast charging but it's charges fastly when compare to other phones when we use first 20 % of charge drys down quickly later it maintains well battery can stand upto 8 to 12 hrs if you are using internet without internet battery stand for one day
Ram:- coming to ram its so annoying because 3 GB ram it gives only 1.8 GB ram for us to use Redmi Xiaomi as to take more look on ram because every phone are taking more ram
Performance:- Redmi performance is good you can use more than 5 apps at a time after that it's making freeze dual apps is one of the plus point in Redmi
Games:- when we play games little bit heat only you can play high games like asphalt 8 in this phone easily without freeze
Cons:- during night time selfie is not good in flash too because it's blur and the pic will look separate.
Over all it's an worth mobile for buyers who are an average user if you are an heavy user this mobile will not be suitable for you if you are an selfie lower don't take this mobile it is totally upside down better go for other mobile like Redmi note 4 or Moto g5 plus
Note:-
The photo which shows window is an selfie which is taken by selfie stick

Quite descent phone with good camera and performance. People looking for mobile under 10 k can opt for this mobile. But there are few cons which I find in my mobile is "Low voice In calling". I bought the mobile on 09 Nov 17' .But very next-day i started facing the issues with MIC.And later understood its a perineal issue with Xiaomi phones MIC which I don't know earlier.All test apps says no issues with hardware and software .But iam facing the issue still.I need to speak very louder while calling

Dear Amazon team. I am shanti I purchased redmi Y1 mobile on 15-01-2018. And actually am using this phone only for signing purpose. But when recording is complete after Disturbance sounds hearing me. In this device(Redmi Y1 mobile), so please solve my problem or return/refund anything.

Only once it had fallen from a knee height glass has broken i had tempered glass full back cover the one in picture even those could not stop. Before buying remember one thong if it falls make 3500 ready . I got it two months back now they charged me 3500. So this costs 12500 plus touxh is not working properly npw. If u go to service center they make you wait for hours. My suggestion don't buy this chinese goods. This will be my first D and laat. Thee credit of spelling mistakes in this review goed to mi because even after repairong toch is nog working.

 just bought this mobile received on 05.02.2018. This mobile camera quality is very poor. I have used MI4 and I bought Redmi Y1 I found the Camera Quality is very poor performance. I don't know Why they have write the 16 MP Facing camera. Its not a 16MP camera, Its a 5 MP facing camara and 8MP back side camera after using one day I am writing this review. I will suggest to my all friends to not buy this mobile. Its not worthy. This mobile is good for Rs. 6000.

 Product is ok but it's fingerprint sensor is very poor. After applying fingerprint lock , my phone starts laging takes 3 to 4 seconds to unlock and screen becomes visible. Camera is also ok, doesn't feels like 16 MP one.
And on top it amazon people are frauds ... changes their statements every time u call them

worst experience ever.
phone is not getting charged while connecting to the power. problem with the speaker also.
defective piece.
amazon transportation service is very good.i got the ontime delivery.but not happy with the product.

Selfie light is not that great, Selfie Camera is Ok, not Awesome! Battery gives decent back up & Charges fast as well. Light weight & Sleek phone. Memory Card & Two Micro Sim Card share's in One tray only which is Great, not like Redmi 4 where if you put two sims in the tray youu cannot use the Memory card and you need to buy a extra item- Hybrid SIM Slot Adapter. So far so good!

really nice
battary is really good
cheap and best product in this price range ...
must buy product
Redme means a lot now...

Only once it had fallen from a knee height glass has broken i had tempered glass full back cover the one in picture even those could not stop. Before buying remember one thong if it falls make 3500 ready . I got it two months back now they charged me 3500. So this costs 12500 plus touxh is not working properly npw. If u go to service center they make you wait for hours. My suggestion don't buy this chinese goods. This will be my first D and laat. Thee credit of spelling mistakes in this review goed to mi because even after repairong toch is nog working.

After fifteen days used y1 automatically headphone mode enabled and sim card not working so I'm going to service center mi center are thieft mi engineer say to me ur has Hai liquid but I know theres no liquid mi engineer say ur is out of warranty first u gave 5500 hundred toh re-warrinty I say sir I know phisical damaged this phone not has a liquid mi engineer never listen say to me go a head go-to police feel fir go go go
So friends mi engineer is not good be safe friends save ur money to lose

Delivery is very fast , y1 selfie centric phone , good hardware in this budget, good front camera, battery is little bit small ,handle one day work , overall good for this price point ,
I would like to pls cheak honor 9 lite before buying y1

I just bought this mobile received on 05.02.2018. This mobile camera quality is very poor. I have used MI4 and I bought Redmi Y1 I found the Camera Quality is very poor performance. I don't know Why they have write the 16 MP Facing camera. Its not a 16MP camera, Its a 5 MP facing camara and 8MP back side camera after using one day I am writing this review. I will suggest to my all friends to not buy this mobile. Its not worthy. This mobile is good for Rs. 6000.

Please do not purchase Redmi phone!!
All features are good, except the primary feature of phone “calling”
Contacts are getting merged within few weeks from purchase, my whole contact list is spoiled.
It’s to hard to remember the number and name.
Worst purchase 😡
I have to select my friends name from contact list to call my dad !!

Prompt delivery by Amazon
Decent specifications at a nominal cost. As we're coming across new technologies every day, it has customary to change the existing smartphones with the latest ones. Typical life of smartphones of any brand seems to be 2-3yrs.considering this factor, this Redmi phones are worth buying.

I had received the Phone with defective one, that means one side speaker(Ringer) is not working, it's not big problem, but in the quality wise it's a one of the problem, because every product must pass under the quality test. If one side speaker is not working means, then how it were passed the quality test. How they are selling the defective product

Camera Quality is just fair.
Charger wire is small. The charging should be very close or at a less height.
Contrary to other REDMI phones, you can use the dual sim and micro SD simultaneously.
Rest everything goes with REDMI trademark.

 without 100% quality assurance.
Phone is looking nice - 4.5/5
Battery backup is - 4/5
Phone Charging time - 4.5/5
Display (not a clear images, photos,..) - 2.7/5
Camera Quality(both front & back) - 3/5
Sound clarity - 4/5

Mi is best as compared to redmi 4. It has 16 mp front camera with selfie flash and 5.5 hd glash protected 720p display.. and one more thing that's dual SIM card and delicated sd slot..
And disadvantages is 3080amp battery but it's support quick change with miui 9. Overall its awesome.. and cheepest.

1. looks dull design, rich outlook is missing
2. It's not 13 or 16Mp camera, you get 5Mp output quality.
3. ram and internal memory was good.
4. lastest android version.

Camera Quality is just fair.
Charger wire is small. The charging should be very close or at a less height.
Contrary to other REDMI phones, you can use the dual sim and micro SD simultaneously.
Rest everything goes with REDMI trademark.

Great budget phone. I have bought 8 days ago. Nyc looks. Battery back up good. 12-15 hours battery time using moderately. Camera's are also good, but front one is the best. Those seeking for a new phone, must buy it. Don't heat. Never hang. Good phone to have.

First of all thanks to amazon..was lwft with no option before 19 as such it said it was going to get delivered on 19th bookes on 11 jan 😊U will fall in love with this product...specs u will love at this price and the rich feel ...go for it and u wont regret 😙
Best thing about Y1 is the camera, Specially front facing camera. So Redmi Y1 is great for girls coz they love taking selfies. Back camera is also good and with this review I'm also sharing some sample photos of Y1.
Gaming performance is also good in Y1. I don't find any major issues while playing games like Asphalt 8, Modern Combat 5, Rules of Survival and World War Heroes. Most of the games i played in max settings. In Asphalt 8 few times i notice some lags in animations but overall gaming performance is flawless in Y1. Gaming experience is also great in Y1 coz Y1 have 5.5 inch display. So you will get better experience c/w smaller devices like Redmi 4.
Phone is lightweight and i think in-hand feel is better c/w Redmi note 4. The only problem i have with Y1 is that battery backup is not that great c/w other Xiaomi phones. Its takes approx 2h to fully charge this phone and after that I'm getting under 4h of SOT in moderate to heavy uses and approx 5h in normal uses.
For more info I'll upload a full review video about this phone in my YouTube Channel!
You'll find my YouTube channel link in the bio!!
If you like my review click on Helpful Button!
Thanks!

Awesome product back camera is awesome and front quality is also great, worth it in 9000 Rs. And battery backup is good. Thanks MI for such mobile in this range range.

WORST NO CLARITY ON AUDIO PLAYER AND VOICE RECEIVER NOT WORKING PROPERLY some times system will be hanging

The phone is good. Front camera works well on daylight. Rear camera is satisfactory. Sound is superb.
Sometimes it feels that 3GB ram is not enough!!
Amazingly light weight.
Battery backup is satisfactory.
Will update my review about the octacore performance after playing some high profile games.
Amazon delivery and packaging was good for me.

Received the phone on Sunday.. that's really a good example of Amazon customer values.. selfie camera is excellent.. great selfies even in moderate ambient light.. rear cam is also good.. not so heavy so easy to handle.. UI is smooth..

Good phone. Performances are also fine. Display quality is just Ok. But front camera is not good as my opinion. Xiaomi is asserting that the 16mp front camera in this phone is Very Good or Excellent. But the picture quality does not say that. I personally use Moto G5 plus and it's 5mp front camera better than Redmi Y1 16 mp front or selfie camera. I think better to buy Redmi Note 4.

Not Good frant cemera is bad no flash its torch so please no by this modal it's batter like radmi 4 is best

The device is good. The build quality is avg and rear camera not so much good compare to redmi 4. Front camera clicks nice selfies, Display is also bright and clear. Overall its a nice device for mother,sister, grandma.

This review is being written after 15 days of usage of mi y1.
Front and rear cameras are awesome in sunlight or in full light but dull in low light.
I've never sense such touch pad in other mobiles, it's waving touch and in addition of fingerprint sensor lighting quick to sense a finger.
Mic is very decent to listen music.

Overall its good. But the phone automatically restarts when a call is in process. Camera quality is also not that good.

Worst one phone of xiaomi
Unfortunately switch off
Starting time is too much
Battery performance poor

Best mobile phone in 8,999
Great display and camera
Bettery back up is good and amazing mobile phone

Yes,But after using redmi Y1 I would say that is good budget phone it's camera is average but battery backup is awesome and touch response is quicker as it's fingerprint sensor
So overall it is good phone

I just use 1 week but I understand that ph are so awesome. Only selfie camera in night time in medium.

Nice camera. Battery life is satisfying. Great build quality. Dedicated SD card slot is big bonus part. Nice design

Very poor phone. From day one this phone have buging problem. When I take this phone to the the service center they people suggested me to return this phone back. I am really very disappointed 😈

Mobile is almost best but camera is not too good that expecting for this device. this device does not give earphone. IT is fat. Front flash does not give too much light so night selfies are Black

Satisfied with the product but invoice not received..how will I avail the warranty.

This handset I received is restarting randomly. Tried updating OS and software, and also tried with different conditions. Also tried resetting to factory defaults. But it restarts randomly

Good phone for this price range. Great experience with Amazon as well. Only problem I have with the phone is the charging port is not USB -c

front camera quality is awesome.back camera is average.fingerprint is very fast.display quality is average.battery backup is ok if you are not a heavy users.charging is fast as compare to other 9000 re device.
if this review is helpful please vote as a helpful

I am happy to Redmi y1
But
Little proublem in this phone
1. Screen in extra curves in middle point.
2.battery backup low.
3. Real camera it's not good

Worst phone ever. Big 5.5 inch screen but the battery backup is worst. You have to charge your phone 2-3 times a day. It also hangs while taking photo or anytime. Worst phone from Mi.

I am using this mobile for 6 days. Front camera is awesome. Rear camera is average but good in day light with hdr mode. Screen view angel is good, vibrant colours. No heating issue and no lag problem. Mobile looking is good also. I think if you are searching a good phone under 9k, it is best.

front camera is just awesome.

The phone is superb awesome.......camera is also good.....fornt selfie flash is there.....no lagging problemsss....awesome battery life...

Nice phone. If we se specifications wise not on par with note4, but look and design is far better. It is an Octa core processor phone not quad core (as in description).

Front camera is not too good as expected
It should have a moon light then perfect

After one week it calls were not getting connected
It's says out of coverage even after 100% network
At same time and same place it's absolutely fine with other devices.

Nice phone in this budget. Amazing front camera and an average rear camera. Ir function is too good. No need to search for remote control of any device.

Charger defective I have never purchase mobile for Amazon service is very bad. Never help

Having mic problems from day one. Other person not able to hear. Don't buy this mobile

Cool Smartphone...

Bad experience because my phone getting switch off & hang everyday after 10 days

camera quality is superb.
battery also good acccording to other 3000mah
beautiful gaming exp
moreover it is very good package

Finishing is not very well and otg not support easily . Difficult to enter pendrive.

Good phone by first impression. But phone gets frequently hanged with touch screen not getting responsive. Hence needs to reboot frequently. Please fix this issue.

Both camera quality very poor, and flash also. Can't even see the picture properly at low light. And too lite weighted smart phone to handle.
Overall not a good one from mi.

Phone is awesome, but battery is that great, full charge will last for 10-12 hours depending upon use. Earlier I was using Redmi note 4g it was a great phone.

I used intex cloud flash its real 13mp camera. But Y1 camera worthless. Something extra giving MI... But non quality in camera

Phone is great for this price point. Only battery capacity is small. But overall performance of the phone is good. A good choice for who wants a good value of money.

2 din me hi hang hone laga or charging bhi nj le raha .meri life ka sabse bakwas set hai .
isiliye bolte hai saste pr mat jaao accha lo

Superb phone
Everything looking good like a battery backup,camera quality,phone speed
In this price we can't compare any phone so feel free and purchase

I don't recommend this product at all. I got it returned twice and still received a "not upto the mark" product. It lags a lot, goes into a boot loop again and again and has some serious network issues. Not recommended at all. Amazon services are good though. :)

good product
few camera features are less than note 3/ note 4
like slow cam etc..
Screen glass broke easily while falling from small height

Colour: Gold|Verified Purchase
It is a amazing phone with amzing features ann at a unbelievable low price.
It's 📷 quality is also sparking and it has a cooling multitasking processer

Mai y1 ka 3/32 wala variant use kiya hai....jo ki bahut achha phone hai.... performance best hai...eska camera best nahi hai but achha (average) hai....

Front camera is not as 16 megapixel ..gives pics like 4 or 5 megapixel camera ..rest the phone is good

Value for money. Nothing comes that much in this price range. Bluedart courier services are mind blowing. 5 star for courier also.

Getting restarted again n again. Contacted Amazon customer care but no action has been taken till now. Bad product along with worst Amazon service.

All thing about Y1 is good it's have only less battery. If you want to use internet full day continue the phone not stay with you all full day.

All Xiaomi phone has very poor camera quality though they state16MP/13MP/5MP. Please don't buy this product if you are looking for a selfie phone.

good phone .no any problem.good camera and nice display.and very silm phone price is low .

Camera phone...overall in this range just wow..


I like this model .It not have miui 9 it have miui 8 be need to update in miui 9 but only stable version are their not premium version ,i think later premium version also camein this model. After i upgrade in miui 9 my device become so smooth and fast.

Very nice smartphone with amazing features, and camera was awesome

IR blaster is not working properly

Product is too good. But delivery delayed about 10 days.

ust got my phone delivered this Friday.. till now going great.. nice camera quality, nice battery back up, phone finishing is good. A bit problem with network connection bug that may be due to operator. Will update my driveway after a month

Nice mobile .... Front camera also goood but back camera not satisfied....battery also good .... Speed delivery thank u amazon...

Very nice phone in this price only 1 problem no headphones

very nice product at this price i am a havy user
Battery backup is good selfie camera best no hangging no heating everything is perfect

Overall Good Experience, I ordered on 8th Nov afternoon, I received my order on 10th Nov .
Redmi Y1 I purchased, mobile is awesome , good battery backup , easy to handle and nice looking.
Thanks for Amazon and redmi Redmi India

Camera is well.
But Battery backup is disappointed.

Awesome product. Battery is mind blowing. Helpful product for officials....

Such a Amazing Phone on this Price
Camera Mindblowing
Performance Excellent
Powerful Phone...

Superb product from xiaomi y1,worth for money.
Only one problem that mobile having miui 8.5 version after receiving the mobile I'm updating the miui 9.front facing camera is amazing comparing to 5 pxiel Redmi phone's

Bad experience for purchase this product.
redmi is not saying bad but Amazon has used me very bad to buy it.

Very good phone do not trust other people if they tell bad about the phone very good phone.In the finger print scanner u hv to jst touch and leave and it unlocks.. delivery was also excellent

the camera is not that much of good. there is some problem with typing keys. display is good, battery goes for 12 hrs.

The camera of this mobile is a fantastic one. And there is no words to its performance and its battery life excellent.

phone is good
but many disappoint in this device
proximity sensor is very bad
ambient light sensor is not work properly
camera is above average

Overall good product,with some disadvantages like front flash not working on selfie video mode, light on buttons not working....

Phone is Decent Performer and Bang for the Bucks.
Camera Quality in Day Light is Very Good but Low Light Photos are not Good (I don't use mobile camera for night photography as I know all the cameras struggles in low light photography) . Bokeh Effect is Nice it gives new meaning to the pictures.
Battery is also very Good , I am A Light To Moderate user.I get 1.5 to 2 days backup. I have submitted Battery Uses screen-shot.
No Lagging issue.No Hang Issue
I get around 48 GB of storage
UI is Very Good . You can swap photos, answer calls , see notifications using finger print scanner.
Display is Superb - Bright and Clear
"Premium Body And Stylish Design"
Over All I am a Happy Buyer And I will Definitely recommend it.
"Good Luck-Happy Shopping"

Good choice within 15k. Looks like premium phone. Display is good. UI and theme also perfect. Many handy features are available which is not there in other mobile in this range. Battery backup is superb. I gave four star because of few cons.These cons are
1- Sound quality is not good.
2-Camera quality is better in Moto G5 Plus.
3-32 GB ROM, but usable is 18 GB
4- Dual sim, but in second slot, you can insert either SD card or SIM (Hybrid slot)
5-Evethough Network selection is given as LTE/GSM/Auto and if you select this option, call is not coming if 4G not available.That means Auto is not working properly.

Amazing phone. Worth every penny.
I was always a flagship phone user. HTC One E8 was my last phone. I'm waiting for HTC U 11 Plus.
since its taking a while I thought of buying a budget phone. It turned out to be an amazing phone.
I was searching online to understand about the phone, reading reviews watching video etc. etc.
Its more than a flagship phone.
I'm gonna talk about few great features of this phone.
1. Charging - I have heard people saying about battery charging. Yes it doesn't have a fast charging. But Honor series phones always charge quicker compared to other phones. but not as quick as other flagship phones. A 3300mAh battery charged from 19% to 100% in 2 hrs. WOW that is awesome.
2. Speaker - I saw videos by tech guys saying "its low" "just below average" and all. But this phone "LOUD!!!" how loud you guys need from a phone. as loud as an ahuja speakers.
3. Camera - great picture. sharp. better than a flagship phone. Tons of features and options in camera. By the way no one capture professional pictures on a mobile camera.
I don't know its an excellent phone.
Things to remember - if you use a tampered glass you cannot use a 360 cover only hard printed kind of case can be used. I'm in search for a perfect solution. already bought couple of back covers. need to return all of it.

An average phone with poor battery backup and no fast charging, guys it's the trend not the bezel less display. And the bezel less display is not worth it. Credit to the camera, but at what expense.... Little bit overrated mobile... But it's finally ur choice between Camera and Battery. I prefer battery...... Thank you...

Writing this review after 48hrs of use.
Performance:4/5
Camera:4.5/5
HD Screen:5/5
Battery backup:4.5/5
Got this product before expected date, so thanks to Amazon for such a good delivery.
Great phone for people thinking of mobile within 13k and has exchange offer "Which I availed" so happy for that. No screen guard provided with box only back cover is available. Only one major issue I notice that it takes time to charge 100%.
Waiting for Andriod Oreo update & even called Honor customer care to check for that, so no fixed date yet.

Good mobile but I'm facing issue with my mobile touch some times not responding correctly in my device while my friends device is working good . Contacted customer care their they promised to replace my device hand to hand

I already having 6x which working best n now loved to have an upgraded mobile 7x... Thx awesome phone with ledge screen n very clear screen... Battery not so good as 6x..

bought this mobile for my wife and very happy to see the performance of this phone. Camera awesome. Build quality awesome In earpiece sound quality awesome Video viewing experience awesome Best part is its portrait mode camera photo clicking option

Best mobile of Honor in budget 13k.
Video quality amazing 18:9 display make it more awesome for full hd videos.
Also have gorrila Corning glass which made its touch smothy.
Super fast fingerprint sanser.
Also camera features good.
Nd battery backup full day in raguler uses.
Amazing looking like iPhone x.
So anyone have 13k budget for mob.who should to buy it.

Incredible.. It's working like anything. Hats off Honor.. It's a Beast at very much reasonable price. Fully satisfied. For me Performance is primary and Camera is secondary. Degraded myself from galaxy note 4 to this masterpiece. No Repent and really happy. Samsung mobile really pathetic..!

It is not only a mobile but it is a complete package for our daily life. Some special features like when call is connected there is Notepad option so that we can write number or any other information during call. Health application is also here. It track exactly exercise with calories burn and heart beat. With fingerprint sensor we can change photos in gallery. Camera and battery are awesome. No matter of hang. Looking gorgeous. No option to reject it.

Excellent ....Honor 7X ..Iam using this mobile from past 15 days...It's looks stylish,touch also working very smoothly..battery backup coming easily 1 to 1 1/2 day...so there is no prob with charging..call quality also good....its processing multiple apps in same time..there is no lag issue..
But in some reviews i saw screen flickering issue while using youtube and while watching some hd videos...But for me no problem ...may be they fixed with latest patch recently i did update..
Finally mobile was good..

Phone is awesome..!!
-Camera is nice ....front cam especially
-Battery backup is also good .(not for heavy users.....you can play games upto 5hrs)
-Better RAM management
- Fingure print sensor is quite awesome...super fast.
Packaging is so worst. I get damage mobile box... didn't expect this kind of service from amazon.

Worst Mobile.. build design good.. but music ,camera, performance is worst.. dont trust amazon return policy its a fake return policy..im very disappointed..wen i start to use youtube mobile was blinking like a tubelight then its totallu hang i cant able to switch off the mobile.. more yhsn 3 times its happened..music system WaS very worst..wen tenchical assistant came for verification ita working normal and he sumbit mibile was good.. amazon didnt support and didnt consider my complaint..im highly disappointed with honor and amazon..

The delivery of this mobile in 3 days as expected from amazon.
.
The mobile was very sexy look.
.
Out of the box we got 3 gb ram free to use and 1 gb for system and in32 gb storage we got 21 gb free to use.
.
At this prise i love this mobile.
.
The full hd display was awesome....the ui is free to use.
.
The mobile is awesome buyed a premium mobie at this prise rang I'm satisfied

Using device since last 15 days...and working as expected...the only thing i didn't like is charging cable..was too hard to eject from mobile...but other things are very good about this...

I post this review after using it for more than a month.The phone is decent overall.The camera is good for its price range but most of the times the bhokeh effect is not working and also the selfie at indoor lighting is average. The battery backup is normal. The phone struggles for a minute when the notifications pile up when you switch on the mobile data after a long time other than that it is swift. Even with some backdrops it is still good for its price.

Product is not working fine and I have called to support person few days back but today I am seeing that return window closed. If I have already raised an issue with mobile then why window is showing closed.
Please arrange a call with the concern team to troubleshoot it.

Best phone. But only one problem is internal memory is less compared to other mobile phones. It gives only 19 gb.Over all phone performance is good

Excellent mobile at this price which has the specifications as 20000 mobile.

One of my favourite mobile nothing to say worth of money

Mobile is Good & this mobile is can't support some apps like vidmate app 91mobile app & cricket app. Am so disappointed because of this... Otherwise phone Battery is good back camera is awesome & front camera also good excellent out look..... AA

Just ordinary except that 16:9 screen and ram. Ofcourse the battery management is also too good. No heating issue, camera is good at this price range but only at good lighting condition. Otherwise just take it as second phone.

Today got the delivery. And impressed by the mobile. Camera is good and battery life is also good.
Checkout images to see the interference and star theam.

Awesome product and I just love this mobile phone.....

Awesome mobile. Excellent clarity. Sure this is budget phone for everybody who can effort between 13000/- to 15000/-.

Excellent mobile
Pro
1. Nice design & built quality
2. 18:9 screen ratio is good
3. Excellent battery life
4. Not much lack for my average usage
Cons
1. Taking more time to charge
2. No oreo out of box
Overall excellent mobile for the money

After reading many reviews.
I am in dilemma i am brought or not but i am totally satisfied with it.good looking mobile with great display...good camera with decent features..
Great mobile in 13000
Love it

Awesome mobile
Value for money and advanced MBL
Focusing is awesome front camera bokeh effect really excited 😍😍
I thinking it is better than k8 note and mi a1
#Honor 7x 😍😍😍

Its a great Display mobile thats it....
The main highlighted camera in low light struggles to snap nt even like 5000 mobile..
Battery is also a major problem for those who Do..

Moblie camera super
Mobile look is super
Display super but battery drain fast
no fast charging

Fantastic fabulous mobile. Just received. Every one like it even I am. Very fine touch. Nice battery backup with full day Internet connectivity. Long display makes it very impressive.

Rear Camera can be more improved. Eagerly waiting for updating on this model. Sometimes hang and screen is not much sensitive. The rest is fine and good, for this price range

Phone is good but YouTube videos full screen is not available otherwise all ok

I am using this mobile for 2 day display look awesome I did not notice any lag mobile work very fast Battery life is also good superbbb mobile thanks to honor

Low prices high performance really best honor 7X mobile

Good product. I use this company first time so everything is new for me. It's a good Mobile but the camera is not too good in indoor conditions in a fluorescent light. So if you are a type of men who is selfiy addict then please try some another one in this range .

I use one day it's very pretty and premium look I am full satisfied......... Very fast mobile..... This is my first honor device..

Got the mobile today morn. Been using it for 5 hours. Awesome. Worth the buck. Camera is great. Battery is good so far.Stunning display.

Screen is good.
One handed use, packet fit is not comfortable.
performance is good.
battery lasts one day even with heavy usage.
Blue looks good.
Gets some heat when continuosly used with mobile data, but adjustable only.

The best u can get in bidget . Way too better than mi a1

Like Your working And mobile phone is So good .thanks Pack Box And good you . >>> care mee and help Thanks god pule sh you.

Very very nice mobile...
Very larg display...
Nice image capture...
Very slim...
Front camera is also buller...

The phone look, processor ,camera, battery life everything is awesome....I would prefer this mobile than any of other in this price.....

Amazing mobile in this price, camera quality superb, nice mobile look and very stylish in look.
Battery life are satisfactory.

Amazing mobile in this price, camera quality superb, nice mobile look and very stylish in look.
Battery life are satisfactory.

Its very good budget mobile phone for any person.
We can say perfect mobile phone because it is enough for businessmen.

Very nice mobile. Great for day to day use. Value for money.

Great mobile in this price range and also better than mi A1.Go for it

Very good mobile.. worth buying it

I couldn't have any words to say about this mobile. Simply Fantastic mobile

Best phone in 7x good performance battery too good camera super totally value for money in honor 7x mobile....

Awsmm display, Best camera etc

Nice mobile

Very good Mobile phone. Looks fantastic and good battery life. This mid range mobile looks like much more premium.

Very actractive and best mobile at this price.

Very nice mobile in this budget.... Must buy..... Beautiful camera.... Excellent battery life.....

Good mobile with good display and best camera.
But it's battery backup and proceccer for heavy gaming is its con.
For medium gaming processor is good but for heavy graphics it lags a bit.

Awesome mobile just awesome

Nice mobile but only concern not recieved any updates yet .

Camera is good and while opening YouTube the mobile is hanging instead of these everything is good

Very good feature in mobile and all features is awesome

Why we buy smartphone
( 1)For Calling
( 2)For Camera
( 3)For listening Music
(4)For gaming
So here u are If u want to use your hard earned money for utmost satisfaction unless u are born with silver spoon who only go for some crappy unjustified price product like Samsung, opportunity, vivo. As I mentioned we buy primarily for four reason And this phone fullfills all. Camera is excellent. Despite having many options of dual camera phones in this price range, they are nothing more than gimmicks. look is so good u will fall in love with it even it sports 16:9 aspect ratio. The build quality is on par with Nokia devices. And Now If u care for quality music listening then u will be blown away by this phone`s performance I m so much satisfied that I can recommend this beauty to any body For Great design Mind Blowing Multimedia Experience Great Battery Listening Music on This Device is wonderful. Battery Life is what makes this phone much better. In normal usage it'll give you at least 30 hrs backup. but under heavy gaming it drains quite faster. Though I don't like to game on mobile, still I installed Nova and played it to check the battery and heating of this phone. Heating will be noticed if you play around 30 mins, but not that much.
Attaching some shot taken in its camera

Fabulous phone I purchase this mobile 9000rs using Hdfc credit card only their are 2 issues I face for using 1day front camera not up to the mark,, charging problem it's not a quick charger it's take so much time to charge the mobile otherwise device is good

Awesome mobile at this price range... The glass body makes it look cool and Premium and gives better grip than metal bodied pbones

Amazing mobile but I have not received a bill pls provide me the copy ASAP.

Excellent. Battery life also good for 1 working day. This is my 1st purchase of honor. Excellent product...

Nice mobile with good display & performance Got in amazon sale for Rs.9999. Got with Android 7 Waiting for oreo update.

PROS
☑️MOBILE NO HEAT
☑️NICE BACK CAMERA
☑️GOOD BATTERY BACK UP
☑️OTG SUPPORT
THE BIGGEST CON
❎❎❎ WASTE FRONT CAM❎❎❎
IN ALL HONOR MOBILES IT HAS WASTE FRONT CAME
CONCLUSION:
IF U ARE SELFIE LOVER STRICTLY DON'T BUY THIS PHONE😷

Front camera quality is not so good and not satisfied with the mobile charging time( which is taking minimum 2 hours time for full battery with the given charger along with mobile)

I bought a faulty product from Amazone. Its finger print senser doesn't work and sometimes touch. I am very dissatisfied after purchasing this. I bought it just 10 days ago. No one is here to help me regarding this product. I feel there is very bad return policies on Amazon for mobile. It takes around 30 minutes to type this review just because of touch.

This model is Good but few drawbacks also
Camera is not up to the mark quality photos
Color of the mobile in specification says gold but front side it is black and only black side of the mobile gold colour .
Mobile interface also not good

Uncompleted box accessory the missing the traveller adopter and head phone of the mobile box inside the box only mobile phone and charger only no other accessory

Excellent mobile no dought n quick service thanks amazone

Best price in best mobile ..samsung brand..

mobile is too good...but only problem is samsung not give headphone with this mobile...

Superb stylish and sleek phone. First lowest price mobile from Samsung in 15k range with 4GB RAM and 64 GB Internal memory storage. Samsung Mall is an interesting feature. Battery back up and camera quality is amazing.

Its very Best mobile in medium range......Nice Look nd Great Features........
Thank You for Amazon

Overall mobile is very very good/ super duper
1. Only thing is that if gold colour also be in front panel then it will be fully gold in colour right now only back side you will get gold and front will be black if you buy gold colour mobile
2.Radio channels you can't add more than 12 channels

Nice mobile as expected. Good camera .and good picture qualify.

This phone was my best buy. It is newly released by Samsung and is at reasonable price. This phone has a good and prompt responding fingerprint sensor. Its metallic body gives it a very stylish look and it is a delight to hold. It is worth buying as the cost is just 13000. Also Samsung is a very good company in mobile phones. I Loved It.
Thank you

Latest technology in budget mobile. Performance of phone is Really very impressive. One must take it.

I would like to say one thing about this mobile, those who have less knowledge about mobile phones can also take this mobile freely. I've used Samsung galaxy on7 and earlier I am very happy.

i buy this mobile dont take head set
( Whats in the box Handset, Travel Adapter, USB Cable and User Manual)
and lack of range

Very nice mobile phone
Colour combination fantastic

Mobile has reached my expectations.camera quality is good. Sound qualit is very poor. They didn't provide Headset .

Awesome mobile....I loved it...

Mobile good but note give me earphone

Awesome mobile, Excellent perfomance

The display quality & camera quality of Samsung Mobile are simply incomparable. I got this phone on 23.1.18. Till I was using Samsung note 2 flagship phone.After receiving this phone I just surprised .Just super quality phone .... Camera best . Speed best. Design fantastic .Great product . Display ... Just awesome.Corning gorilla glass protection. Beauty collection. No heating during charge. Bright display below half mark of brightness. Mobile colour just awesome. Landscape photography stunning. No need to carry extra camera . Best performance in all aspects..... Don't be disheartened about not to supply headphone.Nowadays using headphone so many accidents are being occurred.

I got it within 24hrs of my order.
Phone is excellent in condition and everything seems great as I've checked almost all in mobile.
Camera is also nice. Great ram, Great storage. What else one needs in a mobile phone.
Thanks Amazon and thanks Samsung for making such mobile phone in this price

Product is not good as per shown on the website. Basically camera is useless it's just like camera of the phone which costs only 6-7 thousand. Also takes too much time in clicking picks. This mobile is like Windows phone. Not satisfied at all. Feeling wasted our money...

Phone features seems good at it cost, but battery getting dry by evening on mobile data, sound quality is also not so good.

15k phone and no auto-brightness? Are you kidding me?
That's why Mi is surpassing Samsung. Grow up Samsung. Atleast give the basic functions in a 15k mobile.

3rd class mobile, it have completely hanging issues, plzz dont waste your money...

My mobile headset is not recived i was return my mobile booking order

Good product and value of money.
But Headphone was not supplied with mobile and it is drawback too.

Poor mobile , quality of the camera is not good, which Samsung mobiles in past used to have. Cheated with saying that 4 GB ram and 64 GB memory is only the advantage. Rest all is waste.
Compare to this , at this price Gionee A 1 is a great deal.
I would rate 1 🌟 on a scale of 5.
Useless mobile , don't go for it.
Advice to Samsung : don't ever make such mobiles in future , the name u have grasped in so many years may go in vain and will need to search for customers in future.

The All new Samsung Galaxy on 7 prime android phone is really awesome ,it's front as well as rear camera is 13 mp and it's too good photograph should be capture ,also it's battery performance is excellent ,The new features samsung was add in this mobile phone is pay money overall phone is excellent......

First impression Was awsm. Looks were great. Rear camera was too gud and front camera is also gud but not upto the mark. It also has stickers like that in Snapchat. The main feature of this mobile is Samsung mall. It can identify the products of well known brands.

Awesome mobile..Reasonable price

Overall phone is good but no compass and finger security lock is too slow and no tv remote option.

I got the mobile in a deal and it is a good product.

This phone is not catching mobile network connection properly, i am using jio 4g sim in delhi ncr.
Anyone on7 prime user facing this issue?
Otherwise phone is good.

No headset..Bad battery..fingerprint slow.costly.

very good mobile .touch is very smooth.and the internet connectivity is very good.

Very nyc mobile...all good ...but camera just ok not so good....

Very horrible battery even without use drops to 73%
In 8hrs.with battery saving activated.
Kindly replace the mobile

Great mobile but ear wire not come as flipkart i buy other mobile i got ear wire.

Superb mobile

It was some error.
I didn't got hands-free with mobile in the box.

I bought the phone on 24th Jan and today 26th suddenly mobile display not working. Amazon please help me to replace this product. I have ordered for replacement.

Its frequently strucking and touch is also not working
Very very slow mobile eyy

I am disappointed with the product. It DOES NOT look like a BRAND NEW product. When we started the charging the device was already 53% charged.Also the package was looking old. If Amazon wants to sell "Opened" or "Out of the Box" products at a lower rate we need to know as a customer.And the most irritating part was that the mobile keeps asking for a system update. Looks like a very very old model and not new at all

Very Bad Camera And Bad Mobile Also In 10000 Rs
Buy Something Else
This Irritates Me So Much

Worst mobile it was not working properly when charging drops to 18 percent phone gets hang and it gets stuck and after few minutes it restarts automatically camera and earphones was poor quality and Dolby Atmos not support all the time guys don't buy this product

Hello amazon
This complaun regarding my moto e4 mobile
Everything is good
But their is some problem in charger.
In box charger capacity mention 10v but in actually it is 5.2 v
Kindly give explanation for this



