support, How can I return or exchange an item?
support, Should I call Flipkart's Customer Care for installation once my product is delivered?
support, I have requested for a return for my item. When will it happen?
support, What is the replacement process for orders ?
support, My order status shows 'Out for Delivery', but I haven't got it yet. When will I get it?
support, I've still not received the refund in my bank account.

support, I have requested a replacement, when will I get it?	

support, I missed the delivery of my order today. What should I do?

support, Will the delivery be tried again if I'm not able to collect my order the first time?

support, The delivery of my order is delayed. What should I do?

support, What should I do if my order is approved but hasn't been shipped yet?

support, Can I take the shipment after opening and checking the contents inside?

support, How do I know my order has been confirmed?

support, How quickly can I get my order delivered?

support, My order has reached the nearest delivery hub, but why isn't it out for delivery yet?

support, My order status shows 'Out for Delivery', but I haven't got it yet. When will I get it?

support, Why can't I track my order even though it has been shipped?

support, What should I do if I don't get the invoice for my order?

support, How do I get invoices for my previous orders without having to check my e-mails?

support, Should I call Flipkart's Customer Care for installation once my product is delivered?

support, Will my product be installed by the brand or Flipkart? If it is installed by Flipkart, will it affect the warranty of the product?

support, How will my order be delivered?

support, Why is the 'Cash on Delivery' payment mode not available at my location?

support, Where can I find the seller's returns policy?

support, What does the tag 'Imported' beside a product mean?

support, How can I place an order?

support, I have a complaint about the courier executive who came to deliver my order.

support, What should I do if a service centre denied my request to repair the product?

support, Can I get my order delivered faster?

support, How is a 'business day' different from a regular day?

support, What is the estimated delivery time?

support, How can I trust that the groceries that will be delivered are quality checked and fresh?

support, If I request for a replacement, when will I get it?
support, Which products are not eligible for returns?
support, Can items be returned after the time period mentioned in the seller's Returns Policy?
support, Do I have to return the freebie when I return a product?
support, How do returns work?
support, I see the 'Cancel' button but I can't click on it. Why?
support, How long does it take to cancel an order?
support, What is the Buyer Protection policy?
support, What should I do if I have an issue with my product after the return period?
support, What are the checks done for an item that I'm returning?
support, How can I return or exchange an item?
support, When is a return of an item not possible?
support, How will I get my refund for returning an item I paid for with Cash on Delivery?
support, How can I know the status of my refund?
support, What are the modes of refund available after cancellation?
support, When are refunds given?
support, I ordered a wrong item. Can I return it?
support, What should I do if I find the package open or tampered on delivery?
support, Can I change the address for the pick-up the of item(s) in my order?
support, Why have I been asked to ship the item?
support, What is the pickup process?
support, I have requested for a return for my item. When will it happen?
support, I have requested a replacement, when will I get it?
support, I've still not received the refund in my bank account.

support, What is Flipkart's credit card EMI payment option?
support, How can I order for large quantities of the product as part of a corporate order?
support, How can I label my saved cards?
support, How many cards can I save on Flipkart?
support, I had opted to save my card at the time of payment but my card was not saved. Why?
support, I typed an incorrect card number by mistake when adding my card. How do I correct it?
support, Is it safe to save my cards on Flipkart?
support, What card information does Flipkart store?
support, What cards can I save on Flipkart?
support, What is a 'card label'?
support, What is the 'Save Card' feature?
support, How does Flipkart prevent card fraud?
support, Can I delete my saved cards?
support, How can I save my card(s) on Flipkart?
support, How do I pay using Flipkart's credit card EMI option?
support, How is my EMI debited?
support, I have a query about the EMI charge. What should I do?
support, What are the interest rates for the Credit card EMI plans?
support, Which Credit cards are eligible for EMI?
support, Can I pay with any Credit card?
support, Can I use a saved card to make an EMI payment?
support, Can I use any Debit Card to pay for my order?
support, Can I use the Cash on Delivery payment option for every product I buy on Flipkart?
support, Can I use Credit/Debit Card or Netbanking to pay on Flipkart through the Flipkart app?
support, Can I combine the balance on my Gift Cards or PhonePe Wallet with Cash on Delivery to pay for an order?
support, How can I get the 3D Secure password for my Credit/Debit Card?
support, How can I pay with a saved Credit/Debit Card?
support, How can I pay for my order?
support, How do I pay for my Cash-on-Delivery order if I choose to pick up the product from the pick-up store?
support, How do I pay using a credit or debit card?
support, How does the 3D Secure password add security to my online transactions?
support, If I have a saved card on Flipkart, will I be able to use a new card for my next payment?
support, What is a 3D Secure password?
support, What is the amount I can shop for with Cash on Delivery payment option?
support, What is Cash on Delivery?
support, How can I foreclose my EMI with Bajaj Finserv?

support, You can contact Bajaj Finserv at 020 3957 5152 for help with the foreclosure of your EMI with them.
My payment from the 'Bajaj Finserv No Cost EMI' payment mode did not go through, but the amount has been blocked on my card. What should I do?
support, I did not get the OTP while I was paying through the 'Bajaj Finserv No Cost EMI' payment mode. What should I do?
support, Can I cancel my EMI after I've placed the order using the Bajaj Finserv payment option?
support, Can I foreclose my EMI with Bajaj Finserv?
support, Can I get the refund for the item to any other mode if I have paid using the Bajaj Finserv payment option?
support, Do I need to make a down payment to buy an item using the Bajaj Finserv EMI payment mode?
support, How can I get a Bajaj Finserv EMI card?
support, I chose the wrong EMI plan while making the payment using Bajaj Finserv No Cost EMI option. Can I change it now?
support, What are the EMI plans available if I pay using the Bajaj Finserv payment mode?
support, If I have paid for my order using the Bajaj Finserv No Cost EMI payment option, will I get a complete refund if the item is cancelled or returned?
support, What is the credit limit on the Bajaj Finserv card for shopping on Flipkart?
support, How can I pay for my order using the Bajaj Finserv payment mode?
support, How is Bajaj Finserv payment mode different from the credit card EMI payment mode?
support, What are the benefits of the Bajaj Finserv payment mode?
support, Why can't I see Bajaj Finserv as a payment mode for some items?
support, Is Bajaj Finserv payment mode available on both the website and app?
support, What is Bajaj Finserv payment mode?

support, I did not get an OTP while paying through the 'Credit Card No Cost EMI' payment mode. What should I do?
support, Is 'Credit Card No Cost EMI' payment mode available on Flipkart’s website and mobile app?
support, What are the benefits of the 'Credit Card No Cost EMI' payment mode?
support, How can I foreclose my EMI for an item I bought using the 'Credit Card No Cost EMI'?
support, Can I cancel an order placed using the 'Credit Card No Cost EMI' payment option?
support, Can I foreclose my EMIs for products purchased using the 'Credit Card No Cost EMI' payment mode?
support, Can I get the refund for the item through any other mode if I have paid using the 'Credit Card No Cost EMI' payment option?
support, Do I need to make a down payment to buy an item using the 'Credit Card No Cost EMI' payment mode?
support, How can I pay for my order using the 'Credit Card No Cost EMI' payment mode?
support, How is 'Credit Card No Cost EMI' different from 'Credit Card EMI' payment mode?
support, I chose the wrong EMI plan while making the payment using 'Credit Card No Cost EMI' option. Can I change it now?
support, My payment using the 'Credit Card No Cost EMI' payment mode did not go through, but the amount has been blocked on my card. What should I do?
support, What are the EMI plans available if I pay using the 'Credit Card No Cost EMI' payment mode?
support, What is 'Credit Card No Cost EMI'?
support, What is No Cost EMI and how can I avail it?
support, What is the credit limit on the 'Credit Card No Cost EMI' card for shopping on Flipkart?
support, Why can't I see 'Credit Card No Cost EMI' as a payment mode for some items?
support, Is 'Credit Card No Cost EMI' payment mode available on Flipkart's Windows and iOS apps?
support, Will I get a complete refund if the item is cancelled or returned if I have paid for the order using the 'Credit Card No Cost EMI' payment option?
support, Why do I see different prices for the same product?
support, Is installation offered for all products?
support, Is it necessary to have an account to shop on Flipkart?
support, What does 'Preorder' or 'Forthcoming' mean?
support, Do sellers on Flipkart ship internationally?
support, Can I use an item that has been given to me as a gift from a state sponsored or an NGO-funded freebie distribution programme to get discounts through exchange offers?
support, Will I get a wall mount for my television in the box?
support, Can I order a product that is 'Out of Stock' or 'Temporarily Unavailable'?
support, What does 'Out of Stock' mean?
support, What does 'Permanently Discontinued' or 'Out of Print' mean?
support, What does the badge Flipkart Assured mean?
support, Do I have to pay extra for items with the Flipkart Assured badge?
support, What is Flipkart Buyer Protection?
support, Why do I see a shipping charge for an item with the Flipkart Assured badge?
support, Is Flipkart Advantage the same as Flipkart Assured?
support, How does 'Instant Cashback' work?
support, Is there a filter available through which I can only see items with a Flipkart Assured badge?
support, What are the benefits of buying an item with a Flipkart Assured badge?
support, How are items packaged?
support, Are there any hidden charges (Octroi or Sales Tax) when I shop on Flipkart?
support, Why do I see different prices for books with the same title?
support, Why do I see a 'delivery charge'?
support, Why does the estimated delivery time vary for each seller?
support, Can I choose PhonePe wallet as a refund option?
support, Do I need to install the PhonePe app to use the wallet option on my Flipkart account?
support, How can I use PhonePe to pay on Flipkart?
support, How long will it take for a refund from Flipkart to my PhonePe wallet?
support, I had some amount in the Flipkart Money section and would like to transfer it to my bank. Will I need to install the PhonePe add to do this?
support, If my refund amount exceeds ₹20,000, will I get the option for PhonePe UPI linked account and other registered account for NEFT or IMPS?
support, Will I have to use the same contact number to create a PhonePe account as the one linked to my Flipkart account?
support, Is it necessary to register with PhonePe to use it on Flipkart?
support, Is PhonePe wallet available on Flipkart's Windows and iOS apps too?
support, My PhonePe Wallet is not activated. How do I get a refund credited to it?
support, What is Phonepe?
support, Why are faster delivery options not available at my location?
support, Why can't I get some items shipped to my location?
support, Are faster delivery options like Same Day & In-a-Day available on return requests?
support, Are there any guidelines for writing product reviews?
support, What can I write in product reviews?
support, What's not allowed in product reviews?
support, What happens if my accounts are merged?
support, Can I reactivate my inactive Flipkart account?
support, I'm getting the error message that says, 'You've exceeded the maximum number of attempts to enter correct verification code'. How can I log in to my Flipkart account now?
support, Why is one of my Flipkart accounts now inactive?
support, I created an account using my mobile number. I also have an account with an email address. Can I merge these accounts?
support, Can I add multiple email addresses and mobile numbers to log into my account?
support, Do I need to verify my mobile number or email address every time I log in?
support, What should I do if I don't get the OTP or verification code?
support, What is an OTP or verification code?
support, Why do I need to verify my mobile number or email address to log into my Flipkart account?
support, How can I add a new delivery address to my Flipkart account?
support, I always login using my phone number, but I recently lost my phone. I have also forgotten the password to my Flipkart account. How do I access it?
support, How can I change the password for my Flipkart account?
support, How can I use my mobile number to login on the Flipkart mobile app?
support, How can I change the email ID linked with my Flipkart account?
support, How can I use a new email address to log in to my Flipkart account?
support, How can I merge my Flipkart accounts if I have more than one?
support, How can I deactivate my account?
support, Why can't I log into my Flipkart account using Facebook and/or Google?
support, How do I report a listing infringement?
support, If I have found a security Bug/Vulnerability/Issue what should I do?
support, Will my shipment be safe at the pickup store?
support, How will I know that my shipment has reached the pick-up store?
support, How can I collect my shipment from the pick-up store?
support, How does the pick-up store option on Flipkart work?
support, How long do I have to pick up my shipment from the pick-up store?
support, What should I do if my shipment is not at the pick-up store?
support, What happens if I'm not able to pick up my shipment within 5 days from the pickup store for some reason?
support, What is a pick-up store?
support, Is a pick-up store option better than having the shipment sent directly to me?
support, Can I drop off an item I want to return at the pick-up store?
support, Can someone else collect an order on my behalf from a pick-up store?
support, Is my shipment safe at the pick-up store?
support, What are the benefits of choosing the pick-up store option for delivery?
support, My shipment is damaged at the self pickup store, what do I do?
support, How much time does it take for the shipment to reach a pickup store?
support, How to know if my area has self pick-up service?
support, Is there a charge for pickup of products from a 'Pickup Store'?
support, There are no charges for pickup of products from a 'Pickup Store'. Standard delivery charges still apply.
