support, How can I return or exchange an item?
support, Should I call Flipkart's Customer Care for installation once my product is delivered?
support, I have requested for a return for my item. When will it happen?
support, What is the replacement process for orders ?
support, My order status shows 'Out for Delivery', but I haven't got it yet. When will I get it?
support, I've still not received the refund in my bank account.

support, I have requested a replacement, when will I get it?	

support, I missed the delivery of my order today. What should I do?

support, Will the delivery be tried again if I'm not able to collect my order the first time?

support, The delivery of my order is delayed. What should I do?

support, What should I do if my order is approved but hasn't been shipped yet?

support, Can I take the shipment after opening and checking the contents inside?

support, How do I know my order has been confirmed?

support, How quickly can I get my order delivered?

support, My order has reached the nearest delivery hub, but why isn't it out for delivery yet?

support, My order status shows 'Out for Delivery', but I haven't got it yet. When will I get it?

support, Why can't I track my order even though it has been shipped?

support, What should I do if I don't get the invoice for my order?

support, How do I get invoices for my previous orders without having to check my e-mails?

support, Should I call Flipkart's Customer Care for installation once my product is delivered?

support, Will my product be installed by the brand or Flipkart? If it is installed by Flipkart, will it affect the warranty of the product?

support, How will my order be delivered?

support, Why is the 'Cash on Delivery' payment mode not available at my location?

support, Where can I find the seller's returns policy?

support, What does the tag 'Imported' beside a product mean?

support, How can I place an order?

support, I have a complaint about the courier executive who came to deliver my order.

support, What should I do if a service centre denied my request to repair the product?

support, Can I get my order delivered faster?

support, How is a 'business day' different from a regular day?

support, What is the estimated delivery time?

support, How can I trust that the groceries that will be delivered are quality checked and fresh?

support, If I request for a replacement, when will I get it?
support, Which products are not eligible for returns?
support, Can items be returned after the time period mentioned in the seller's Returns Policy?
support, Do I have to return the freebie when I return a product?
support, How do returns work?
support, I see the 'Cancel' button but I can't click on it. Why?
support, How long does it take to cancel an order?
support, What is the Buyer Protection policy?
support, What should I do if I have an issue with my product after the return period?
support, What are the checks done for an item that I'm returning?
support, How can I return or exchange an item?
support, When is a return of an item not possible?
support, How will I get my refund for returning an item I paid for with Cash on Delivery?
support, How can I know the status of my refund?
support, What are the modes of refund available after cancellation?
support, When are refunds given?
support, I ordered a wrong item. Can I return it?
support, What should I do if I find the package open or tampered on delivery?
support, Can I change the address for the pick-up the of item(s) in my order?
support, Why have I been asked to ship the item?
support, What is the pickup process?
support, I have requested for a return for my item. When will it happen?
support, I have requested a replacement, when will I get it?
support, I've still not received the refund in my bank account.

support, What is Flipkart's credit card EMI payment option?
support, How can I order for large quantities of the product as part of a corporate order?
support, How can I label my saved cards?
support, How many cards can I save on Flipkart?
support, I had opted to save my card at the time of payment but my card was not saved. Why?
support, I typed an incorrect card number by mistake when adding my card. How do I correct it?
support, Is it safe to save my cards on Flipkart?
support, What card information does Flipkart store?
support, What cards can I save on Flipkart?
support, What is a 'card label'?
support, What is the 'Save Card' feature?
support, How does Flipkart prevent card fraud?
support, Can I delete my saved cards?
support, How can I save my card(s) on Flipkart?
support, How do I pay using Flipkart's credit card EMI option?
support, How is my EMI debited?
support, I have a query about the EMI charge. What should I do?
support, What are the interest rates for the Credit card EMI plans?
support, Which Credit cards are eligible for EMI?
support, Can I pay with any Credit card?
support, Can I use a saved card to make an EMI payment?
support, Can I use any Debit Card to pay for my order?
support, Can I use the Cash on Delivery payment option for every product I buy on Flipkart?
support, Can I use Credit/Debit Card or Netbanking to pay on Flipkart through the Flipkart app?
support, Can I combine the balance on my Gift Cards or PhonePe Wallet with Cash on Delivery to pay for an order?
support, How can I get the 3D Secure password for my Credit/Debit Card?
support, How can I pay with a saved Credit/Debit Card?
support, How can I pay for my order?
support, How do I pay for my Cash-on-Delivery order if I choose to pick up the product from the pick-up store?
support, How do I pay using a credit or debit card?
support, How does the 3D Secure password add security to my online transactions?
support, If I have a saved card on Flipkart, will I be able to use a new card for my next payment?
support, What is a 3D Secure password?
support, What is the amount I can shop for with Cash on Delivery payment option?
support, What is Cash on Delivery?
support, How can I foreclose my EMI with Bajaj Finserv?

support, You can contact Bajaj Finserv at 020 3957 5152 for help with the foreclosure of your EMI with them.
My payment from the 'Bajaj Finserv No Cost EMI' payment mode did not go through, but the amount has been blocked on my card. What should I do?
support, I did not get the OTP while I was paying through the 'Bajaj Finserv No Cost EMI' payment mode. What should I do?
support, Can I cancel my EMI after I've placed the order using the Bajaj Finserv payment option?
support, Can I foreclose my EMI with Bajaj Finserv?
support, Can I get the refund for the item to any other mode if I have paid using the Bajaj Finserv payment option?
support, Do I need to make a down payment to buy an item using the Bajaj Finserv EMI payment mode?
support, How can I get a Bajaj Finserv EMI card?
support, I chose the wrong EMI plan while making the payment using Bajaj Finserv No Cost EMI option. Can I change it now?
support, What are the EMI plans available if I pay using the Bajaj Finserv payment mode?
support, If I have paid for my order using the Bajaj Finserv No Cost EMI payment option, will I get a complete refund if the item is cancelled or returned?
support, What is the credit limit on the Bajaj Finserv card for shopping on Flipkart?
support, How can I pay for my order using the Bajaj Finserv payment mode?
support, How is Bajaj Finserv payment mode different from the credit card EMI payment mode?
support, What are the benefits of the Bajaj Finserv payment mode?
support, Why can't I see Bajaj Finserv as a payment mode for some items?
support, Is Bajaj Finserv payment mode available on both the website and app?
support, What is Bajaj Finserv payment mode?

support, I did not get an OTP while paying through the 'Credit Card No Cost EMI' payment mode. What should I do?
support, Is 'Credit Card No Cost EMI' payment mode available on Flipkart’s website and mobile app?
support, What are the benefits of the 'Credit Card No Cost EMI' payment mode?
support, How can I foreclose my EMI for an item I bought using the 'Credit Card No Cost EMI'?
support, Can I cancel an order placed using the 'Credit Card No Cost EMI' payment option?
support, Can I foreclose my EMIs for products purchased using the 'Credit Card No Cost EMI' payment mode?
support, Can I get the refund for the item through any other mode if I have paid using the 'Credit Card No Cost EMI' payment option?
support, Do I need to make a down payment to buy an item using the 'Credit Card No Cost EMI' payment mode?
support, How can I pay for my order using the 'Credit Card No Cost EMI' payment mode?
support, How is 'Credit Card No Cost EMI' different from 'Credit Card EMI' payment mode?
support, I chose the wrong EMI plan while making the payment using 'Credit Card No Cost EMI' option. Can I change it now?
support, My payment using the 'Credit Card No Cost EMI' payment mode did not go through, but the amount has been blocked on my card. What should I do?
support, What are the EMI plans available if I pay using the 'Credit Card No Cost EMI' payment mode?
support, What is 'Credit Card No Cost EMI'?
support, What is No Cost EMI and how can I avail it?
support, What is the credit limit on the 'Credit Card No Cost EMI' card for shopping on Flipkart?
support, Why can't I see 'Credit Card No Cost EMI' as a payment mode for some items?
support, Is 'Credit Card No Cost EMI' payment mode available on Flipkart's Windows and iOS apps?
support, Will I get a complete refund if the item is cancelled or returned if I have paid for the order using the 'Credit Card No Cost EMI' payment option?
support, Why do I see different prices for the same product?
support, Is installation offered for all products?
support, Is it necessary to have an account to shop on Flipkart?
support, What does 'Preorder' or 'Forthcoming' mean?
support, Do sellers on Flipkart ship internationally?
support, Can I use an item that has been given to me as a gift from a state sponsored or an NGO-funded freebie distribution programme to get discounts through exchange offers?
support, Will I get a wall mount for my television in the box?
support, Can I order a product that is 'Out of Stock' or 'Temporarily Unavailable'?
support, What does 'Out of Stock' mean?
support, What does 'Permanently Discontinued' or 'Out of Print' mean?
support, What does the badge Flipkart Assured mean?
support, Do I have to pay extra for items with the Flipkart Assured badge?
support, What is Flipkart Buyer Protection?
support, Why do I see a shipping charge for an item with the Flipkart Assured badge?
support, Is Flipkart Advantage the same as Flipkart Assured?
support, How does 'Instant Cashback' work?
support, Is there a filter available through which I can only see items with a Flipkart Assured badge?
support, What are the benefits of buying an item with a Flipkart Assured badge?
support, How are items packaged?
support, Are there any hidden charges (Octroi or Sales Tax) when I shop on Flipkart?
support, Why do I see different prices for books with the same title?
support, Why do I see a 'delivery charge'?
support, Why does the estimated delivery time vary for each seller?
support, Can I choose PhonePe wallet as a refund option?
support, Do I need to install the PhonePe app to use the wallet option on my Flipkart account?
support, How can I use PhonePe to pay on Flipkart?
support, How long will it take for a refund from Flipkart to my PhonePe wallet?
support, I had some amount in the Flipkart Money section and would like to transfer it to my bank. Will I need to install the PhonePe add to do this?
support, If my refund amount exceeds ₹20,000, will I get the option for PhonePe UPI linked account and other registered account for NEFT or IMPS?
support, Will I have to use the same contact number to create a PhonePe account as the one linked to my Flipkart account?
support, Is it necessary to register with PhonePe to use it on Flipkart?
support, Is PhonePe wallet available on Flipkart's Windows and iOS apps too?
support, My PhonePe Wallet is not activated. How do I get a refund credited to it?
support, What is Phonepe?
support, Why are faster delivery options not available at my location?
support, Why can't I get some items shipped to my location?
support, Are faster delivery options like Same Day & In-a-Day available on return requests?
support, Are there any guidelines for writing product reviews?
support, What can I write in product reviews?
support, What's not allowed in product reviews?
support, What happens if my accounts are merged?
support, Can I reactivate my inactive Flipkart account?
support, I'm getting the error message that says, 'You've exceeded the maximum number of attempts to enter correct verification code'. How can I log in to my Flipkart account now?
support, Why is one of my Flipkart accounts now inactive?
support, I created an account using my mobile number. I also have an account with an email address. Can I merge these accounts?
support, Can I add multiple email addresses and mobile numbers to log into my account?
support, Do I need to verify my mobile number or email address every time I log in?
support, What should I do if I don't get the OTP or verification code?
support, What is an OTP or verification code?
support, Why do I need to verify my mobile number or email address to log into my Flipkart account?
support, How can I add a new delivery address to my Flipkart account?
support, I always login using my phone number, but I recently lost my phone. I have also forgotten the password to my Flipkart account. How do I access it?
support, How can I change the password for my Flipkart account?
support, How can I use my mobile number to login on the Flipkart mobile app?
support, How can I change the email ID linked with my Flipkart account?
support, How can I use a new email address to log in to my Flipkart account?
support, How can I merge my Flipkart accounts if I have more than one?
support, How can I deactivate my account?
support, Why can't I log into my Flipkart account using Facebook and/or Google?
support, How do I report a listing infringement?
support, If I have found a security Bug/Vulnerability/Issue what should I do?
support, Will my shipment be safe at the pickup store?
support, How will I know that my shipment has reached the pick-up store?
support, How can I collect my shipment from the pick-up store?
support, How does the pick-up store option on Flipkart work?
support, How long do I have to pick up my shipment from the pick-up store?
support, What should I do if my shipment is not at the pick-up store?
support, What happens if I'm not able to pick up my shipment within 5 days from the pickup store for some reason?
support, What is a pick-up store?
support, Is a pick-up store option better than having the shipment sent directly to me?
support, Can I drop off an item I want to return at the pick-up store?
support, Can someone else collect an order on my behalf from a pick-up store?
support, Is my shipment safe at the pick-up store?
support, What are the benefits of choosing the pick-up store option for delivery?
support, My shipment is damaged at the self pickup store, what do I do?
support, How much time does it take for the shipment to reach a pickup store?
support, How to know if my area has self pick-up service?
support, Is there a charge for pickup of products from a 'Pickup Store'?
support, There are no charges for pickup of products from a 'Pickup Store'. Standard delivery charges still apply.


product, does it have the themes option like other mi phones?
product, this mi A1 hava infrared sensor 
product, does this phone is better than Samsung on max
product, can phone record time lapse and slow motion recording
product, does this phone have direct video calling facilities?
product, does it support screen mirroring
product, this phone support video call from call dialer ?......without any video call app
product, Does this phone support VR devices ?
product, Can you please give me this free?
product, mi a1 has metal body
product, Does this phone support finger print scanner?
product, is it have. LED notification light
product, Does the Mi A1 has a compass sensor?
product, does this phone has otg supported or not
product, Does this phone have Gorilla Glass Protection?
product, Are both the SIM Slots 4G enabled?
product, does it have gyro sensor?
product, how is Speaker?loud n clear?
product, .speaker is clear and loud
product, both the sim slots in this phone are 4G enabled.
product, Mi A1 has Corning Gorilla Glass
product, otg support.
product, this phone has finger print scanner
product, It runs on Stock Android and not MiUi so it doesn't have a theme store. You can install different product, launchers from the Play Store and Icon Packs to change the look and feel.
product, Does the Mi A1 has a compass sensor?
product, does this phone has otg supported or not
product, Yes, otg support.
product, can phone record time lapse and slow motion recording
product, Yes. It can record videos in 720p at 60fps.
product, Who doesn\rquote t love taking pictures with their phone. With the Moto G5 Plus, you get camera technology that is usually reserved for flagship-grade devices. Shots from the Moto G5 Plus will be truly worth showing off. If that wasn't cool enough, you\rquote ll also be able to record 4K videos.
product, Like the rear camera, the front camera of the Moto G5 Plus is also pretty good at its job. Besides the product, slew of additional features, you also get professional mode that lets you take selfies like a pro.
product, It\rquote s all about style. The new Moto G5 Plus comes with a high-grade aluminium body that looks and product, feels great. You also get two colour variants to choose from depending on your taste.
product, There is a fine line between displays that are too small to be enjoyed, and too large to be used. The product, Moto G5 Plus straddles this line with aplomb. To ensure that you don\rquote t accidentally crack the product, screen, the display is protected with Gorilla Glass 3.
product, To ensure that there are no hiccups while using the phone, the Moto G5 Plus comes with a processor that is powerful enough to handle multiple tasks. Not only that, the processor is also pretty efficient, ensuring the battery lasts longer.
product, Octa Core Processor

product, There\rquote s Always a Choice
product, It\rquote s always good to have options. The Moto G5 Plus is available in two variants with varying amounts of RAM and storage. So, you can choose one based on your needs and requirements.
product, To ensure that you don\rquote t run out of juice halfway through your day, the Moto G5 Plus offers a powerful battery. However, that\rquote s not all. With the Moto\rquote s own TurboPower fast charging, you\rquote ll be able to top up the battery in no time.
product, Sometimes, phones can get a little confusing. With the G5 Plus, Moto has made the experience a lot simpler via Moto Experiences. This will allow you to lock and unlock the phone via the fingerprint sensor, or even activate features via gestures.
product, Stock Android
product, With the Moto G5 Plus, you get a stock Android experience. This means no unnecessary bloatware. You also get the Android Nougat 7.0 operating system that offers multi-windows support and an improved version of Doze.
product, The fingerprint reader works like a charm. Sharp display. Really cool camera. Google voice assist is very responsive. Reliance Jio works seamlessly. 
product, Buy the lunar grey. Its better looking. Have purchased both.
product, i m confused between nokia 6 and moto g5 plus......5.5 screen size and moto g5 plus combination i want
product, does it support 2 sim card with sd card at same time ?
product, does it has Google assistant?
product, can both 4g sim be used simultaneously?
product, i am confused between red mi note 4 and this model moto gs5 plus..which one i shild buy..plzz do suggest soon
product, will it get nougat update ?
product, Is it runs on stock android??
product, does it really have that much of a heating problem ???
product, Which is best lenovo k8 note or moto g5 plus or redmi 4
product, I heard that there is a microphone issue is it solved yet ?
product, Does it supports OTG
product, is it upgradeble to Androide O sys?
product, does this phone support reliance jio?
product, Is it support Slow motion video recording..??
product, does this phone support volte????
product, I am confused between moto g5 plus and vivo v7 plus plz suggest..
product, Moto G5 Plus is excellent in this segment. it's camera is great. Mobile works very smooth performance product, battery backup is great. fast charging feature is best. perfect buy I like the Moto mobile's
product, moto g5plus what relation lenovo?
product, A:Motorola was the major handset maker in past but 3 years ago it was purchased by Google. after some time Google sold Motorola to Chinese company Lenovo. Now Motorola's Parent Company is Lenovo.
product, is it volte
product, does jio calling is offline in it
product, we can use to fingerprint scanner to lock the apps?
product, we can just use fingerprint to lock my phone.
Motorola used to come up with the latest updates more promptly than others. However, off late, since Lenovo has product, taken over the Motorola Co., latest Oreo should not be expected before atleast Nov 2017.
product, Does moto G5S Plus have compass sensor?
product, any information about Oreo updation?
product, Does moto G5S Plus have compass sensor?
product, can this device support vr??
product, does this phone come with volte
product, Does Moto G5 plus have magnetic compass also?
product, does it wireless display function inbuilt or with chromecast
product, is it support OTG ?
product, G5 Plus can only send the screen picture but your TV can receive it only through Chromecast.
product, what is weight
product, A:Too light and comfortable for a mobile, about 150 Grams
product, does this device have the feature of net speed meter??
product, A:No , and it doesn't have magnetic compass feature also. please try to fix both.
product, 6 GB RAM | 64 GB ROM | Expandable Upto 2 TB
product, 5.2 inch Full HD Display
product, 12MP + 8MP Dual Rear Camera | 16MP Front Camera
product, 3000 mAh Battery
product, Qualcomm Snapdragon 630 Processor
product, Android 8.0 Oreo
product, The Moto X4 runs on the Android 8.0 Oreo OS and offers an enhanced mobile experience while its 64 GB of internal storage space that can expanded to up to 2 TB using a microSD card ensures you never miss carrying your entertainment with you.
product, Meet the Moto X4 - the smartphone that takes your mobile experience to the next level. With an IP68 rating and a metal body, the Moto X4 boasts of durability and good looks. The Moto Actions make everyday interaction more convenient while Qualcomm Snapdragon processor ensures a lag-free performance.
product, Glass and Metal Design
product, Its elegant contoured design, with Corning Gorilla Glass, is as good looking as it is protective.
product, Water-resistant with IP68 Rating
product, Don\rquote t worry about accidental spills, splashes or puddles ruining its performance.
product, Handset, User Manual, Headset, 15W Turbo Charger and USB Cable
product, Model Number
product, XT1900-2
product, Model Name
product, Moto X4
product, Color
product, Sterling Blue
product, Browse Type
product, Smartphones
product, SIM Type
product, Dual Sim
product, Product is awesome.... Just u fill the mobile in ur hand..... It's really a gr8 product by Motorola.... product, This review is just after 4 hours.... 
product, 
product, 1. Excellent body.... Metal
product, 2. Smooth touch...
product, 3. Camera is too good.... U can able to take picture in low light areas.... Front with flash is added product, advantage.... Back one with dual one is good.... U have many options to click the snaps....
product, 4. Type C UBS charger is excellent.... It took only 40 minute to charge from 32% to 100%
product, 5. IP68 is excelle...
product, Dual Apps or second space available?
product, A:Moto X4 ships with Moto pure OS - which is very close to stock android with some enhancements. The dual apps feature is not part of this.
product, Does Moto X4 support Jio SIM?
product, Does Moto X4 come with Gorilla glass protection?
product, Does Moto X4 come with Gorilla glass protection?
product, A:Gorilla Glass 3 for both front and back
product, Does Moto X4 come with a turbo charger?
product, Can we screen mirror it?
product, Does it have infrared?
product, The phone comes with a 15W Turbocharger. You can get upto 6 hours of power from 15 min charging
product, Screen mirroring can work through 3rd party streaming devices like Chromecast, etc.
product, 6 GB RAM | 64 GB ROM | Expandable Upto 2 TB
product, 5.2 inch Full HD Display
product, 12MP + 8MP Dual Rear Camera | 16MP Front Camera
product, 3000 mAh Battery
product, Qualcomm Snapdragon 630 Processor
product, Android 8.0 Oreo
product, Handset, User Manual, Headset, 15W Turbo Charger and USB Cable
product, Model Number
product, XT1900-2
product, Model Name
product, Moto X4
product, Color
product, Super Black
product, Browse Type
product, Smartphones
product, SIM Type
product, Dual Sim
product, 4 GB RAM | 32 GB ROM | Expandable Upto 128 GB
product, 5.2 inch Full HD Display
product, 12MP Rear Camera | 5MP Front Camera
product, 3000 mAh Battery
product, Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 Octa Core 2GHz Processor
product, Meet the Moto G5 Plus - the smartphone that boasts of performance and power. Powered by a 2.0 GHz octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 processor and 3000 mAh battery, along with TurboPower technology, this Moto mobile offers a glitch-free performance all day long.
product, 3 GB RAM | 32 GB ROM | Expandable Upto 128 GB
product, 5.5 inch HD Display
product, 13MP Rear Camera | 5MP Front Camera
product, 5000 mAh Li-Ion Polymer Battery
product, MediaTek MTK6737 1.3GHz Processor
product, Android Nougat 7.1.1 | Stock Android Version
product, Front Fingerprint Sensor
product, Dedicated SD Card Slot
product, Front and Rear Flash
product, Moto brings to you the E4 Plus - a smartphone that\rquote s powered by a long-lasting 5000 mAh battery. Packed with a 13 MP rear camera and a 5 MP front camera, the Moto E4 Plus helps you take flaunt-worthy photos. It runs on Android 7.1 Nougat, and features Google Assistant for a seamless user experience. The 13.97 cm (5.5) HD display of this smartphone breathes life into all your visuals. Its fingerprint scanner not only helps you unlock this smartphone quickly, but also keeps your private data truly private. With a 1.3 GHz quad-core processor and 4G support, this dual-SIM smartphone offers a powerful performance. Adding further to your convenience is the Moto Display feature that helps you check your notifications and updates quickly even when the phone is locked.
product, moto e4
product, moto e3
product, moto e2
product, Moto brings to you the E4 Plus - a smartphone that\rquote s powered by a long-lasting 5000 mAh battery. Packed with a 13 MP rear camera and a 5 MP front camera, the Moto E4 Plus helps you take flaunt-worthy photos. It runs on Android 7.1 Nougat, and features Google Assistant for a seamless user experience. The 13.97 cm (5.5) HD display of this smartphone breathes life into all your visuals. Its fingerprint scanner not only helps you unlock this smartphone quickly, but also keeps your private data truly private. With a 1.3 GHz quad-core processor and 4G support, this dual-SIM smartphone offers a powerful performance. Adding further to your convenience is the Moto Display feature that helps you check your notifications and updates quickly even when the phone is locked.
product, Moto brings to you the E4 Plus - a smartphone that\rquote s powered by a long-lasting 5000 mAh battery. Packed with a 13 MP rear camera and a 5 MP front camera, the Moto E4 Plus helps you take flaunt-worthy photos. It runs on Android 7.1 Nougat, and features Google Assistant for a seamless user experience. The 13.97 cm (5.5) HD display of this smartphone breathes life into all your visuals. Its fingerprint scanner not only helps you unlock this smartphone quickly, but also keeps your private data truly private. With a 1.3 GHz quad-core processor and 4G support, this dual-SIM smartphone offers a powerful performance. Adding further to your convenience is the Moto Display feature that helps you check your notifications and updates quickly even when the phone is locked.
product, Handset, 10W Rapid Charger, USB Cable, Headset
product, Model Number
product, XT1770
product, Model Name
product, Moto E4 Plus
product, Color
product, Fine Gold
product, Browse Type
product, Smartphones
product, SIM Type
product, Dual Sim
product, PROS:-
product, 1) price - main pros is its price 
product, 2) built - built quality is really nice 
product, 3) display - it has 720p hd display which is very good at this price 
product, 4) battery - battery is good easily. If u r very heavy user it will easily last for 1 day . Normal and medium user it will last to 1.5 to 2 days 
product, 5) speaker - speaker is nice because of placement of speaker with dolby atmos which will givd u crisp sound
product, 6) charging - charging time i.
product, is this 2sim+memory card or 1sim+memory card?
product, friends 5000 mah battery? Yes or No...
product, which phone is good Redmi 4 or moto e4
product, go for Moto e4 plus if you want 1)latest Android 7.1.1 nougat 2) exceptional battery life Buy redmi 4 if u want 1) good processor snapdragon 435 Moto e4 plus=4.5 / 5 , redmi 4= 4.25 / 5
product, does it have led notification
product, can i know about the heating of phone and does this have both 4g sim slot with volte
product, A:yes, if you charge the phone some times heat normally but no problem in heat. yes, moto e4 plus support both 4g sim slot with volte.
product, 4g 3g 2g
product, 4g 3g 2g 
product, Can we use 2 sim cards n sd card at the same time.... Also I heard the phone is little heavy
product, how many ram of moto e4 plus
product, moto e4 plus is weather proof?
product, A:This is a Excllent product. 1.Dis gd.looking phne. 2.Both camera r nice 2 keep 4 some beauty pics. 3.Hug 5k Mah battery is satisfactory 4 using mobile 4 longer time. 4.Os 7.1 naught is latest 4 mobile
product, hows the battery..
product, quick charge support?
product, my friend said it has hybrid slot?
product, Please help with any major or minor flaws you came across after using this phone?
product, Please help with any major or minor flaws you came across after using this phone?
product, Please help with any major or minor flaws you came across after using this phone?
product, Please help with any major or minor flaws you came across after using this phone?
product, mobile have 2 sim slot and another memory slot?
product, does it has Gorilla glass...?
product, 2 GB RAM | 16 GB ROM | Expandable Upto 32 GB
product, 5 inch HD Display
product, 8MP Rear Camera | 2MP Front Camera
product, 4000 mAh Battery
product, Mediatek MTK6737 Quad Core 1.3Ghz Processor
product, Android Nougat 7.0 | Stock Android Version
product, Front and Rear Flash
product, does it have three slots? two for sim and one for memory card?
product, is this 4G phone
product, is this 3G phone
product, is this 2G phone
product, does the rear flash works
product, does the battery has 4000 mah
product, headphone are there or not?
product, can support Indian multi languages
product, Multimedia option is there or not
product, Redmi 5A (Rose Gold, 16 GB)  (2 GB RAM)
product, 2 GB RAM | 16 GB ROM | Expandable Upto 128 GB
product, 5 inch HD Display
product, 13MP Rear Camera | 5MP Front Camera
product, 3000 mAh Li-polymer Battery
product, Qualcomm Snapdragon 425 Processor
product, Redmi 5A boasts of a beautiful fully-laminated 12.7 cm (5) HD display. Upto 8 days standby time with 3000 mAh Battery.Take gorgeous group photos and scenic shots on the all-new Redmi 5A. It is equipped with a fast focusing 13MP camera that helps you capture sharp and crisp photos.Qualcomm's Snapdragon 425 64-bit quad-core processor is great for daily use and performs well even when you're playing visually intensive games.
product, Upgrade to the Redmi 5A smartphone that boasts a fully-laminated HD display. Play games, watch videos, and much more on this phone, as it is powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 425 processor. Take advantage of its 13 MP camera with PDAF and capture scenic shots and gorgeous group photos. It houses a 3000 mAh battery that gives you a standby time of up to 8 days.
product, View everything in high-definition on its beautiful fully-laminated HD display. Also, the Reading mode, that filters out the blue light, protects your vision and reduces eye fatigue.

product, Battery
product, It is powered by a 3000 mAh battery. This is coupled with the MIUI system-level power optimisation feature for efficient power usage. You can get up to 8 days of standby time, 7 hours of video playback and 6 hours of gaming.
product, 4a or 5a is good
product, which phone is better from redmi y1 lite or redmi 5a
product, A:Redmi 5A
product, does redmi5a 4g support volte
